data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/jpql/ExtOps.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/CustomFieldValidatorTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/requirements/edit-requirement.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/reqtc/RequirementTestCaseController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-workspace-todelete/x-delete-node-dialog.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.tc_hierarchy_cascade_delete.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/bbcode/plugin.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/input/confirm.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/decorate-ajax-search-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/remoteapi/execution/dto/TestSuiteExecutionStatus.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/DateInputBlock.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933-master.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/wsc.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_php.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/gu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/NameBasedMapper.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/validation/constraint/HasDefaultItem.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/TestCaseLibraryMergerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TestCaseInstruction.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/StubUserContextService.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementLibrariesCrudService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/ExtraPermissionEvaluator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/images/hidpi/refresh.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/definition/RemotePriority.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/project/ProjectDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/chart_curve.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/java/org/plugin/workspacewizard/test/utils/DefaultMenuItem.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/dialog.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/safe.png.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/MultiFormatViewTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-credentials-popup.tag.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/InputType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/css.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/Project.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/liquibase/distribution.changelog-upgrade-to-1.1.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/TestCaseSearchExportCSVModelImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationServer.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/bs.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanManager.should add two test plan items to two test suites.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_rtf.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/icons/placeholder.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/under_reviewmediumko.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/decorate-toggle-panels.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/add-attachment-popup-ie.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/templates.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.removal of test steps should disassociate them from their parents.xml.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/OptionsGroup.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/LoginDoNotExistException.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseSearchTextFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/team-modification.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementExcelParserIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/attachment/AttachmentManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/ScheduledTimePeriod.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/it.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCasesWorkspaceControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/ro.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/teeth_smile.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/core/messages_fr.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/testautomation/TAUsageStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/DatasetTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/util/IconLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-workspace-todelete/x-copy-paste-node.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/DisabledPermissionSpecConfig.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ruler_triangle.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/embarrassed_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/RequirementVersionCoverageDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/security/ObjectIdentityServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/LibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/onozom.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/cf/CustomFieldsTableView.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedSuite.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/OptionalOneBasedIndexCellCoercerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseFolderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletableMixinAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CannotMoveNodeException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/user-editor/UserResetPasswordPopup.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/CompositeException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/TestAutomationServerModificationAdminController.java.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/templates/javascript-templates.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/OperationReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomGenericProjectDao.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/commondomain/CommonIssue.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/WorkspaceWizardMenu.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressCampaignStatus.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/requirement-export-test.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/VerifyingTestCaseManagerController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementnodeWalkerIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseFormModelValidator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementStatusTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignModificationService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/viewmapping/AtView.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/ProjectionPlannerTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestSuiteModel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layout_header_footer_3.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/test-case-export-steps.jrxml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DummyManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/charts/MainQueryPlanner.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CompositeDomainException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ExecutionStepDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/EmptyCollectionGuard.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/RemoteBuildWatcher.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_letter_omega.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/CustomReportLibrayNodeIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/tag-it.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/fileupload/UploadSummary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/users-manager/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/attach_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/remoteapi/execution/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/cs.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_5e287b_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionCoverageDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/StepResultPropSetterTest.groovy.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/sample/sample-db-data-1.3.0.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/tomorrow-night-bright.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/bugtracker/BugTrackersLocalServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/domain/audit/AuditableMixinAspect.aj.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/general-information-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SetProjectIdsParameterCallback.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/marker.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-suites-components/test-suite-test-plan-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/export-requirement-dialog.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_dbf575_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drink_empty.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Custom_Reports_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/ImportSummary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/requirements/edit-requirement.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/et.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomRequirementModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/MultiOptionsCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/ReportViewServletContextInitializer.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SetLibraryIdsCallback.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/delete-step-import.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/rainbow.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementExcelBatchImportIT.should update requirement.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/uicolor.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/AttachmentManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-binding/popup.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/spi/BugTrackerConnectorProvider.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignExportCSVModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/EntityValidatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/Project.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/Folder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/arrow_down.gif.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/GenericProjectModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/report-views.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_powerpoint.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bin_closed.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sort.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/charts/ChartDataFinder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIssueDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/OptionInput.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/RequirementExcelExporter.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignTestPlanItemDaoIT.should find test case ids.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementFolderDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/pastetext/dialogs/pastetext.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker-manager/bugtracker-manager.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.test/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/TreeNodeDataTestImpl.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/StepState.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/NodeBuildingSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/campaigns/campaign-dashboard.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseSearchListFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationTestPlanManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/tt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/util/PathUtils.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_tag.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/RequirementLibraryTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/administration/administration.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionSearchExportCSVModel.java.i
data/database/README.md.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/info-list/IconSelectDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/AdministrationStatistics.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/attachment/AttachmentList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/infolist/InfoListBindingController.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/favicon.ico.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/pl.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/JsonSimpleData.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementLibraryMerger.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ExecutionModificationServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sort.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/icons.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/TreeEntityVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_list_numbers.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_spreadsheet.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/customSecurity/StubCustomUserAccountService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/image_1.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_flat_55_999999_40x100.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/AdvancedBugtrackerConnectorAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldOptionModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/infolist/InfoListItemController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/BugTrackerNameAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisAxis1SoapClient.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/BugTrackerLocalServiceIT_Disabled.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/TestSuiteViewTestPlanTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/ParameterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignFolderModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.aspects/bnd.bnd.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/select_text.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/pojoaque.jpg.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.jeditable.ext.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ro.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/dot_for_ie.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/tree-picker-conf/tp-iteration-conf.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/WrongPasswordException.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Suite.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/NonUniqueEntityException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/attachmentsWhite16x16.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/requirements/requirement-version-editor.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/spring/HibernateConfigurationIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/Folder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/lightbulb.gif.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/filter/UserConcurrentRequestLockFilter.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomReportLibraryNodeServiceCopyNodeIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/ja.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/internal/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/service/InsecureTestAutomationManagementService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/infrastructure/filter/CollectionSorting.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/plugins/conditional-select-plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/api/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionManagerController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/wink_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_music.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/BugTrackerFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/es.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/NotDeletableCampaignsPreviewReport.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/level-message.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/AuditLogInterceptorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/hiddenfield.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementLibraryFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/bs.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/decorate-ajax-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/RequirementFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.bubbleRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.funnelRenderer.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/skin.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/input/cancel.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_f7a50d_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/popup-button.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/filter/UserConcurrentRequestLockFilterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/ChartModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/key.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/hql/HqlSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/envelope_2.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Folder.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/switch.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/_html-tree.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonTemplateFromProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/obsoletehighko.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/attachment/UploadedData.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/js.includes.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/export/CampaignExportCSVFullModelImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/InfoListItemComparatorSource.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_gloss-wave_45_2b2b2b_500x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/CriteriaBase.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/km.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/opened-object.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_User.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStepTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationServerManagerServiceIT.not bound.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/BugtrackerDataTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/BugTrackerBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/stop.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/bugtrackers/bugtracker-info.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/services/JasperReportsServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryTree.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_common-lang.tag.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/report/std/query/RequirementCoverageByTestsQueryAdapter.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/XmlBuilderIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.blue.less.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/stylesheetparser/plugin.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/pastetext/dialogs/pastetext.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/TestSuite.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/attachments16x16.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/sl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/magula.css.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/execution/StatusUpdate.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomReportLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/FolderSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/campaigns/campaign-search-panel.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/underscore/underscore-1.4.2.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/blueprint.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/hand_point.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-ui-1.8.13.custom.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestSuiteStatisticsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/TestCaseSearchCriteriaAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/ProjectDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateExecutionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.mekkoAxisRenderer.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/noimage.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste folder with campaigns, iterations, suite.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/TestPlanAssignableStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/serverauth/auth-dialog.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drive_error.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/waiting-pane.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customreport/folder/CustomReportFolderController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/AbstractNodeDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/add-nameable-node-dialog.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/yui.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletableMixinAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/jquery.squashtm.datatables.v2.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/StubObjectIdentityService.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/SyncRequirementUpdate.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/NotDeletableException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.highlighter.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/divarea/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/export/CampaignExportCSVModelImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/popups/import-links-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customreport/CustomReportTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomProjectModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/i18n/Internationalizable.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fi.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.should create OID for a project.expected.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionProcessingServiceIT.execution.allStepsFailure.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/DomainGraphTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldJsonConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/testcase-search-input.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_75_2b2b2b_1x400.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/iframe/images/placeholder.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/StartBuild.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/GroupConcatFunction.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pieRenderer.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/Library.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/GraphNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryPluginBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/obsoletehighok.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sum_2.png.i
data/dependencies/jackrabbit-ocm-dependencies/pom.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteModificationServiceImplIT.should add two test plan items to two test suites with test plan items.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/UnknownEntityException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/ChartDefinitionDaoImpl.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/jasperreports/JasperReportsView.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/step-information-fragment.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/execution/dto/TestExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/SimpleCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/ActiveMilestoneInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_2_copy.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step because all execs have no step.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/ExportData.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignModificationService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/cursor.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/reporting_report.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/TestPlanStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/control_end.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugTrackerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/DuplicateNameException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/fa.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/InvalidTargetException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/neutral.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/NamespacedBugtrackerMessageSource.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page.png.i
data/distribution/src/main/liquibase/distributed-db.changelog.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/testadvisor/step-handler.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/tag_list.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-plan-panel/tp-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/IssueOwnershipFinderSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/ImportRequirementTestCaseLinksSummary.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/bugtracker/BugTrackersLocalService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-binding/models.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/pageNotFound.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/medal_bronze_1.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ka.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/ascetic.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/menubar.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.gridster.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/CustomCustomFieldManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/remoteapi/execution/dto/TestExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/http/ContentTypes.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/global-properties.less.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/ProjectInputBlock.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/vi.js.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/PathUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/accept.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIterationDaoIT.should find iteration statistics.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectFilterModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsTreeNodeListBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonInternationalizableEnum.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/Requirement.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_zip.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/fa.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/attachment/AttachementManagerServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/TestSuiteViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/CustomFieldHelperServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/MaxFileSizeExceededException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/searchinterface/TestcaseSearchInterfaceDescription.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/LibraryUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/FolderSupportTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CampaignTestPlanItemDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find test cases by requirement reference token.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/context/ServletContextParameters.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/ThreadPoolStepScheduler.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/LevelComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/OptionalEnumCellCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/milestone/MilestoneRange.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/UserModificationServiceIT.should find non associated teams.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/form.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseLibraryFinderService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicdao/DummyEntity.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/km.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Green.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/ExportData.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project f+c + cufs.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/thumbs_up.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/tablemodels/CampaignSearchResultDataTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.ohlcRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/DataTableMapper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/rich-jeditable-header.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customeditors/PriorityPropertyEditorSupport.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/net/HttpRequestFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/paste_plain.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/sad-puppy.jpg.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/ChartDefinitionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/sad-puppy.jpg.d
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-verifying-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/TestCaseFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/attachment-bloc.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/films.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/find/dialogs/find.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableFilterSorter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDaoTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/af.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/internal/infrastructure/ContextBasedInternationalized.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/BindableEntityModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AutomatedTestDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/radio.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomFieldDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-workspace/test-case-workspace.jsp.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/mantis/MantisConnectorProvider.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/ColumnPrototypeModification.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.iterationPlusExecutions.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_width.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ui_tab_side.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/services/AlreadyMappedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/service/AutomatedExecutionManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/security-context.xml.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/model/NullAclCache.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonGeneralInfo.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_go.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/tc-management-main.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/link/dialogs/link.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/requirement/RequirementLibraryMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/UserAccountService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/calendar_1.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/tomorrow-night.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.should remove a test case from its folder.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/issues-tab.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionExtender.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/requirement-export.jrxml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/tree-picker-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/images/close.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/RequirementFolderDao.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/JsonParserTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/milestone/MilestoneStatus.java.i
data/database.h2.fragment/pom.xml.rej.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/TestCaseSearchController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfields/BindableEntityModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestoneBindingController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/CampaignIssueFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseCyclicCallChecker.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/database.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/NodePairing.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDaoIT.should count non folders 1.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find ids of test cases called by a test case.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/DeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/ProjectVisitor.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/exception/NullArgumentException.java.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/RLNBeforeDelete.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/HttpBasedStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/tongue_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/si.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/BugTrackerMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletableMixinAspect.aj.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/ajax/plugin.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationService.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/vi.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_flat_55_999999_40x100.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/ExecuteTestsBuildProcessor.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicManagerFactoryBeanTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/jquery.squash.table-collapser.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.grey.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/file-upload/should-downgrade-upload-dialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customeditors/AttachmentPropertyEditorSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-verifying-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-plan-panel/filtermode.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/NotGMTDateBridge.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/search/TestCaseSearchCriteriaAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/GenericNodeManagementServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/previewStepView.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementExcelBatchImportIT.should import requirement.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/wizard/wizard.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/eye.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/date.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/smiley_cry.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to same project.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/RicherDialectSessionFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ActionTestStepDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/arrow_redo.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_mp3.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseSearchCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/execution-execute-buttons.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/editor_ie.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/compress.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_5e287b_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/testadvisor/prologue-handler.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/ReportsRegistry.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/AxisColumn.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/BugTrackerStatus.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to same project f+c-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/weather_cloudy.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/mantis-bugmessages.properties.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/collection/PagingBackedPagedCollectionHolder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.delete_tc_cascade_steps.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.jetty.start.osgi/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.green-blue.less.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/ro.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/config/SquashManagementProperties.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_p.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_tif.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseModificationServiceImplIT.should remove automated script link.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/TestCaseImporterIT.setup.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/search-result-display-by-requirement.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SetProjectIdsParameterCallback.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/service/AutomatedTestManagerServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableFilterSorter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/counter_stop.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/basic-objects/pie-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.cursor.min.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/BugTrackersServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/req-workspace-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/fragments-utils/various-snippets.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldValueFinderService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/sk.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/core/core.changelog-0.15.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/show-projects/ProjectsManager.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/photos.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/show-projects/ProjectsTable.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/button.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/folder.png.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/rule-checking/squash-pmd.xml.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/InternationalizedMenuItem.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/si.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/accept_blue.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/def_cat_test-requirement.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateExecutionDaoIT.should find if project uses exec status.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/pl.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/library/CannotMoveInHimselfException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTablePagedFilter.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/mini.gif.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/authentication/login.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.should copy-paste a TestSuite and rename it.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/slide.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/uk.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.5.0.result.dtd.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/controller/authentication/AccessDeniedController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugtrackerDataTableModelHelper.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/configuration/ConfigurationService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/th.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/font.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/StartTestExecution.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/INSTALL.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/unitils-local.properties.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationProjectDaoIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/dataset_with_coverage.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sum.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressCampaignStatus.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/ColumnFiltering.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pointLabels.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/CustomReportLibraryNodeIT.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/CountNamedQueryHandler.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_status_crit.xls.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/TypeBasedCellValueCoercer.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/hue_bg.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseFolderDaoIT.db-setup.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/ObjectAccessController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/test-case-export.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/box.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/ieo-left-panel.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_view_columns.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/RequirementVersionCoverageController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/StubObjectIdentityService.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/api/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/event/RequirementAuditor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/jstree/JsTreeNodeData.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsonProjectBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/cs.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/icons_rtl.png.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/exception/NamedQueryLookupException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/UploadContentFilterUtil.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationCallbackService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/ProjectAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-cases/show-call-step-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/RequirementNotLinkableException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/PartyPreferenceDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/SearchExportCSVModel.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/themes/default/theme.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/project/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/log4j-spring.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jquery/jquery-ui-1.9.2.custom.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/template.mf.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/spring/view/jasperreports/JasperReportsDocxView.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/email_open.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/circle-d3.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/ir_black.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/add.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_TestCase.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/arrow_branch.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/ListJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/projects/show-project.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste iterations with testSuites.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldOptionModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.projectfilter.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/control_stop.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/ParamAssignationModeCellCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/MaxNumberOfLinesExceededException.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/ExecuteAndWatchStepSequenceTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/UserModificationServiceIT.should find non associated teams.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/config-context.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/users/user-info.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SetNodeContentParameter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/SearchInputFieldModel.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datatables/jquery.dataTables.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/optionsTutorial.txt.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.8.7.custom.blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/NodeManagementService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDaoIT.should find testplanitems given the test suite id.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_resize_actual.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/milestone/MilestoneLabelAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementFolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/es.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/GraphNode.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/infrastructure/filter/CollectionFilter.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/advanceddomain/DelegateCommand.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/InfoListItemDao.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksimpl/CheckBuildQueue.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionHasParentBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ui_tab_bottom.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/iframe/images/placeholder.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/KeyEventListener.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/user/ChartOwnerDeleteException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/RequirementDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/project/CustomGenericProjectManagerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/testautomation/execution/StatusUpdate.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/AcceptHeaders.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/PrivateCustomFieldValueServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/UnknownEntityException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/bugtracker-dialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/ActualTimePeriod.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/eu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/charts/customReportComparativeView.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignTestPlanItemDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/def_cat_functional.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/CustomPermission.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/popup-button.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/TestSuiteExecutionControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_view_tile.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/EntityValidator.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT_Disabled.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/it.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/sprites.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/VerifiedRequirementsManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/images.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/wizard/attributesStep.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/lifebuoy.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreationEventPublisherAspectTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.json2.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should find exec step through new exec.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/wall_brick.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/smiley_mad.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/icons/sourcedialog-rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/ug.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisConnector.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerRemoteException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationTestPlanManagerServiceIT.0execution.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/components.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/security/acls/CustomPermissionFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/counter_count.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/TreeNodeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/tree-main.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/testautomation/ta-admin-panel.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/noimage.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ReportServiceIT_Disabled.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/sk.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/ValidationMessages_de.properties.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.should copy-paste a TestSuite.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone.js.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/spring/view/docxtemplater/DocxTemplaterDocxView.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/StepState.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/event/StatusBasedRequirementAuditorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/HyphenedStringHelperTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-directly-verified-requirement-table.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.10.0-test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/themes/default/theme.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/validation/validator/UniqueListItemsValidator.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.blue-green.css.i
data/core/core.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/testautomation/execution/package-info.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/icons/hidpi/docprops.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/test/resources/test-log4j.properties.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestSuiteStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/WorkbookMetaData.java.i
data/parent-pom/pom.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.popup-error.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionCoverageDaoIT.should find by.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/require.jquery.squash.datepicker-locales.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_offlice.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TestCaseExcelBatchImporter.should import test case in library.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/CoverageInstructionBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/TestAutomationProjectContentModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-security.xml.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/NewRequirementVersionDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/ItemTestPlanDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/servers/AuthenticationStatus.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/IterationTestPlanFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-table-tc.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/far.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/IllegalExecutionStatusException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/fr-ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectsPermissionManagementServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/teams-manager/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/DatasetParamValueInstructionBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-verified-requirements-table.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/service/BugTrackerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Requirement_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/ChartDataFinderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/copy-paste-node.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/campaign-workspace.html.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/domain/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/verified-requirements/TestCaseDirectVerifiedRequirementsTable.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDaoIT.should return sorted list of cuf.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/event/ChangeCustomFieldCodeEvent.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/ciframe.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomTestSuiteDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CustomCampaignModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/AbstractLibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/hibernate.cfg.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/RenderingLocation.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignLibraryFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestAutomationFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/bg.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/InfoListItemBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/nyancat.gif.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/workspacewizard/test/messages_fr.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/SquashPathProperties.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/VerifyingTestCaseManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/EntityModifierHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.json2.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_smallcaps.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/control_start.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/event/RequirementAuditor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/desktop_empty.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ModelProvider.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/campaign-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/ajax-loader-16x16.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/SquashEntityManagerFactoryBuilderImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/tag.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerActionExceptionResolver.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/Issue.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/CountElementsInCollectionBridge.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/cs.js.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/spring/view/jasperreports/JasperReportsOdsView.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDeletionDaoIT.should delete custom field and option.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_flat_75_aaaaaa_40x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drawer.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-values/lib/jquery.editableCustomfield.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/DatasetModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasOverlay.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/tree-node-copier.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project and remove issues-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/BatchPreventConcurrent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/ka.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/opened-object.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/test-plan-combo-box.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.denormalizedField.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/UnauthorizedPasswordChange.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/ExportRequirementData.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/resources/auditable-hibernate.cfg.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/key.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/campaign/IterationTestPlanManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/openedentity/TestCaseViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_stack.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/images/Button_Nav_TestCase_on.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIssueDaoIT.test suite.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/stamp.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste requirement with non obsolete versions.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/FindAllByIdsHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/widget/AoColumnDef.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectsPermissionFinder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationServerDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/messages/execution-progression.properties.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-iteration-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CRLNDeletionHandler.java.i
data/core/core.jasperreports.fragment/src/main/resources/jasperreports.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/da.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/templates/report-viewer.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_a8a8a8_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/FolderDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project f+c.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/def_cat_undefined.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Yellow.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/export/ExportPluginManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseExecutionMode.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStatusTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/DatabaseBackedObjectIdentityGeneratorStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/smiley_yell.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/GenericProjectDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/SelfClassAware.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/adapters/jquery.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementParserImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-test-steps-table.tag.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/advanceddomain/Rendering.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/ImportModeCellCoercerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/requirement-version-page.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/CheckBuildRunningTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationConnectorRegistry.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/widgets/date_search_widget.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.7.0.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/ScheduledTimePeriod.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/NodeType.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/tree/GenericTreeLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/remoteapi/execution/dto/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/LevelComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionExtender.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/sk.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAttachmentContentDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_red.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/teams-table-tab.tag.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/bin/squash_default.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/jpql/ExtHQLTemplates.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_TestSuite.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customreport/CustomReportLibraryNodeService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/CustomTestCaseModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementLibraryDaoIT.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementModificationServiceIT.should change requirement reference.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/RunnerState.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/fr-ca.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CallStepManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationFinderServiceIT.3itps.3executions.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/FetchTestListBuildProcessor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestStepDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/spi/TestAutomationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionProcessingController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/report-workspace.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/FormEntryConstants.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/af.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/GenericProjectDaoIT.server.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_offlice.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/mantis-bugmessages_fr.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/project-info-manager.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/readme.txt.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/hibernate/SortingUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/images/Button_Nav_Home_on.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/test/ObjectMapperTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationServerManagerServiceIT.executed.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectManagerService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/FieldValidationErrorModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-add-popup-oslc.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/attachments/attachment-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/AutomatedSuiteDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/BugTrackerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/SquashEntityManagerFactoryBuilderImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/simple-jeditable.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/editor.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/CustomFieldAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementVersionResolverService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/bugtracker/BugTrackersLocalServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-case-executions.frag.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/requirement/IllegalRequirementModificationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/emoticon_unhappy.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/IssueDetector.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/administration/config.jsp.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/Pagings.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/squashtable-main.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/settings-project-filter-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/AttachmentListDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.wine.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-plan-panel/popups.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/dialog_sides.gif.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicdao/CustomDummyDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/MilestoneModeNoFolderDeletion.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/SameThreadStepScheduler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/github.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestAutomationAddProjectPopup.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.should not delete the test case because of a step call.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/call-step-tree.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/campaign/ManyCampaignStatisticsBundle.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/trophy.png.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/BasicReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/LockedFolderInferenceTree.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/sr-latn.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/Folder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/CustomCustomFieldManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/CheckBuildQueue.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/EntityFinderNamedQueryHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/ta-picker.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ExecutionModificationServiceDbunitIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementPropertyChangeTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/dialog_sides.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-plan-panel/sortmode.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonIterationTestPlanItem.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomClientDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/lv.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TeamDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/campaigns-dashboard/success-rate-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/OpenedEntities.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/cs.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/ParameterNames.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/magicline/images/hidpi/icon-rtl.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_pre.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableModelConstants.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/VerifyingTestCasesTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/ExcelRowReaderUtils.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldValueDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/button.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/CheckBuildRunning.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/LoginAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerNotFoundException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/search.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/plugin-compatibility/jquery.squash.datatable.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/DriveNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/WrongPasswordException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/config/log4j-spring.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/dark.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tree-requirement-icons.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Exec_Failed.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisAxis1SoapClient.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/specs/squashtable/ColDefsBuilderSpec.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/DomainException.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/SingleToMultiSortingAdapter.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/teeth_smile.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/resources/test-log4j.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignLibrariesCrudService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/BugTrackerLocalServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/DbunitDaoSpecification.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.should add permissions on object for user.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/bugtracker/BugTrackersLocalServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/nuclear.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/dialog_sides_rtl.png.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.0-add-automated-tests.sql.i
data/tm/config/src/main/resources/services/log4j.properties.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisConnector.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/META-INF/COPYING.txt.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_double.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/ExecuteAndWatchContext.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/milestone/StubActiveMilestoneHolder.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Index.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/LoginAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/rainbow.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCategoryBridge.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.tablednd_0_5.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/index-administration-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pyramidGridRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/popups/add-requirement-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/oer-main-page.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/MilestoneBindingManagerServiceIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/def_cat_use-case.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirement-workspace/versions-manager.jsp.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DummyEntity.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/util/ComponentUtil.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/attachment-bloc.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/main-structure.js.i
data/core/integration-tests/src/it/resources/it-log4j.properties.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/TreeNodeDataTestImpl.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/atelier-dune.light.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/SecurityConfig.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/params-bindings.tag.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/InheritableAclsObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/GenericWorkspaceService.java.i
data/core/core.jasperreports.fragment/src/main/resources/jasperreports_extension.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/contrast.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/same_header_name.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/arrow_left.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find on name.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementLibrarySelectionStrategyImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/WithPath.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/CustomFieldError.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/assembly/ignore_this_file.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SoftDeletedLoaderAspect.aj.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.should disassociate exec steps.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/dialogs/templates.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.13.5.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/RequirementImportServiceSpecConfig.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugTrackerManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/pl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-credentials-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/user_black_female.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree-conf/w-requirement-conf.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/tc/ExecutionsTableController.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/CustomRequirementVersionManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/requirement/excel/RequirementInstructionBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/obsoletemediumok.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/info-list-manager/InfoListOptionPanel.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customfield/DenormalizedFieldHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/FirstLayerTreeNodeMover.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/InternalEntityType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-values/cuf-values-utils.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_delete.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedTestServerMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/tasks/FetchTestListTaskTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/HibernateServiceSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-binding/cuf-binding-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/pageNotFound.jsp.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.5.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Campaign_off.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/customfield/CustomFieldBindingMappingIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIterationDaoIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/RequirementVersionCoverageMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/InvalidURLException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-workspace-todelete/x-import-excel-dialog.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/pencil.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/rss.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/ArchiveReader.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/resource/Resource.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/OsgiServiceConstants.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/test/MessageFormatTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/et.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/Issue.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_split.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/DelegatingEntityManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/OptionalIntegerCellCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_form.png.i
data/private-build.bat.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/CustomCustomFieldManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/CampaignDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/user_business.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/sq.js.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/conf/services/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web.uploadfilter.config.properties.i
data/tools/tools.annotation.processor/src/main/resources/META-INF/services/javax.annotation.processing.Processor.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryNode.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_ajax-notifications.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/category-panel.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/zip/ZipReaderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/IssueOwnership.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/email.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/.htaccess.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.11.0-feat-1108.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find tc imp w impAuto.xml.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/ReportPlugin.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementLargePropertyChange.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_generic-error-notification-area.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/select_text.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-cases-tabs/milestones-tab.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/oauth/ClientDetailsServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/contextual-content-handlers/NameAndReferenceHandler.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceImpl.java.orig.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/magnet.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/OpenedEntity.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AutomatedSuiteDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/audit/RequirementAuditTrailServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Iteration_16.png.i
data/database/README.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/general-information-fragment.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerConnectorFactory.java.i
data/provision/src/main/config/services/squash-jetty.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_handles.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_DoubleArrowRight.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/km.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/iterations/iteration-dashboard.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/UserForm.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/UploadContentFilterUtil.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/bnd.bnd.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/yui.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SofDeleteBackwardCompatibility.test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/whatchutalkingabout_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone-min.map.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/templates/default.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/bugtracker/mantis/messages_en.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_cascade.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/Iteration.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Grey.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/category-page-layout.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CannotMoveNodeException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/library/CannotCopyNodeException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/select-jeditable-auto.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/RequirementNodeDeletionHandlerIT.should cascade delete.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/ciframe.html.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/resource/SimpleResource.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/CustomFieldController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/eu.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/ObjectIdentityService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/stop.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/report-viewer.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/index-manager.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/MaxUploadSizeErrorModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/iterations-dashboard/iteration-progression-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/about/dialogs/hidpi/logo_ckeditor.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/project/ProjectsPermissionManagementServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h6.png.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/factory/DynamicManagerFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/IterationTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/general-information-fragment.jsp.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.green-blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/zenburn.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/where/AtWhereSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectFilterDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_d8e7f3_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/messagebox_warning.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/Pair.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/DetailedChartQueryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/eu.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/QueryPlanner.dataset.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/PropertySetter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestAutomationRemover.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/CampaignWorkspaceControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/thread/FetchTestListFuture.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/workspacewizard/test/messages.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_table.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/heart.gif.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/pencil.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_paste.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/coercers/IterationToCampaignIdsCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/foundation.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/chart_trend.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/api/testautomation/SquashTaExecutionIdentifierBuilder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.should disassociate exec steps.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.grey.css.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/BuildTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestTestCaseStub.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/FilterPlannerIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_stand.png.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/TCLNAfterInsert.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.clickmenu.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/infolist/DenormalizedInfoListManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/project/CustomGenericProjectFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/weather_lightning.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/templates/report-workspace.html.i
data/database.h2.fragment/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-library-management/tcl-management-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/RequirementVersionCategoryComparatorSource.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/confused_smile.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.funnelRenderer.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find ids of test cases called by a test case.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/tt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/images/Button_Nav_Home_off.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationConnectorRegistry.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation-server-manager.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_TestSuite.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-search-result.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementSearchCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_signature.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/tree-page-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/sr-latn.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/ImportLogTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jquery/jquery-2.1.1.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/UrlParser.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/conf/services/log4j.properties.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/template.mf.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/event/RequirementCreationEventPublisherAspect.aj.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirements/requirement-version-editor.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/LibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/ru.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDaoIT.small hierarchy.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-suite-menu/TestSuiteManager.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_visualstudio.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementVersionModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/cf/NewCustomFieldModel.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/AutomatedExecutionExtenderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_view_xp_terminal.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/heart.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/util/DateUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/SpecializedEntityType.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementVersionTarget.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/tt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/approvedhighko.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/MainQueryPlanner.dataset.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drive_burn.png.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/annotation/DynamicManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-editor/NewCustomFieldOptionDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/page-components/execution-information-panel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jasmine-2.0.0/MIT.LICENSE.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/lineutils/plugin.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/sprites_ie6.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-values/cuf-values-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/contextual-content-handlers/ctxt-handlers-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/PseudoRequirementVersion.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestStepDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-suites/edit-test-suite.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/build-config.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Thumbs.db.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/services/javax.validation.spi.ValidationProvider.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/timeline_marker.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/text_field.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/filter/AjaxEmptyResponseFilter.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/MathsUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/user_thief.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/tr.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/NamedQueryLookupException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/regular_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project f+c-result.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/api/repository/QueryExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/ru.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/door_in.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_GreenWhite.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/dashboard/campaign-folder-dashboard-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_error.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/ug.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/MaxUploadSizeErrorModel.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step because all execs terminated.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/award_star_gold.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/door.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.should remove a folder from the root content.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/GenericProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-case-statistics/toggle-panel.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestCaseLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/bn.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should try to relaunch, delete execution and find execution step.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/OptionalStringArrayCellCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/settings-project-filter-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementModificationEventPublisherAspectTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/chart_bar.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/IssueList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/arrow_inout.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find called test cases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/BugTrackerAutoconnectCallback.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/context/ReloadableSquashTmMessageSourceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/def_cat_user-story.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/editor.css.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/noimage.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/buildings.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/Level.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/campaign-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/test-plan-panel/filtermode.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/validation/validator/CustomFieldHasDefaultAsRequiredValidator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/si.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceIT.should copy-paste 2 TestSuites.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDeletionDaoIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/TestCaseMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/iframe/images/placeholder.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/TestCaseExecutionController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/vector.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree/w-campaign-conf.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/AttachementManagerServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableCollectionSorting.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/structure-configurable-panel.tag.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/java/org/plugin/workspacewizard/test/TestCaseLibraryWizard.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/bugtracker.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/LabelFormatterWithoutOrder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/chart_bar.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_init_workspace_variables.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/testautomation/TATestNodeListBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/testcase/TestCaseSizeStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/project-tabs/workspace-wizards-tab.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/report/TagPickerPopup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement_User-story.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/model/ObjectAclService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fr-ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/security/authentication/AuthenticatedMissingUserCreator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/cy.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/ja.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/config/WebSecurityConfig.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/TreeNodeDataTestImpl.groovy.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/config/SquashPathProperties.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/zh.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/execution-status.tag.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/DefaultSorting.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/DatasetModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jasmine-2.0.0/jasmine_favicon.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/search-result-display.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/lt.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/BasicInputDefinition.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/PartyDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/test-suite-statistics-fragment.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/info-list-modification.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/execution-status-combo.tag.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/BuildStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/picture.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/resources/softdelete/softdelete-hibernate.cfg.xml.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/testautomation/execution/dto/package-info.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.13.5-test.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/config/TmWebConfig.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_lowercase.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/LICENSE.html.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/BasicReportTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/map.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/PropertyHolderFinderRepository.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/permissions-rules.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_database.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/importer/TestCaseImportController.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/query/hibernate/HibernateQueryFlavor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/ReportsRegistryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/general-information-fragment.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/servlet/handler/AuthenticationSuccessCallback.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/datepicker.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/TestcaseSearchInterfaceDescription.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletable.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/paintcan.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.5.2.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/dashboard/test-case-dashboard-panel.tag.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.4.0.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestSuiteMenu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sound_note.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/div/dialogs/div.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/workspace/WorkspaceType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/changes.txt.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteModificationServiceImplIT.should add one test plan item to two test suites.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/TestStepPersister.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/resources/hql-hibernate.cfg.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomRequirementVersionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/bugtracker-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/counter.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bullet_key.png.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/Identified.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementExcelBatchImporterIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestTestStepStub.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/users/TeamModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/VerifyingTestCaseManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/impl/ZipReaderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/vi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/CustomFieldBindingController.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/StepScheduler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-suite-menu/TestSuiteMenuMain.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ReportServiceIT.should filter HibernateExecutionProgressQuery with campaignIds.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/FeedbackMultipartPopup.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ExecutionProcessingServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/InconsistentDateFormatException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/palette.png.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.13.1-ACL-Custom-Report.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/feed.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonEnumValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/VerifiedRequirement.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/CustomFieldBindingManagerController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/AdministrableProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/TestSuiteIssueFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ExecutionProcessingService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/PropertiesBugTrackerFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCriticalityBridge.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/liststyle/dialogs/liststyle.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/utils.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/NodeClassNameReaderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirement-libraries/show-requirement.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/sl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/jquery-header.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/ExportRequirementData.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/wizard/WorkspaceWizardManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/it.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.12.0.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationTestPlanManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find requirements to export.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/coercers/RLNAndParentIdsCoercerForArray.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/InconsistentMultiValuedEntryException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/widgets/multi_select_search_widget.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_columns.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/eu.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/logo_squash30.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerConnectorFactory.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.verifying TC sorted by milestone.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/ChangedPropertyJsonDecorator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/clipboard/dialogs/paste.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Severity.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/customfield/CustomFieldBindingMappingIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/ExportRequirementData.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ja.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablefilter/ParentChild.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/dialog_opera.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/ExcelTestCaseParser.java.i
data/provision/src/main/config/services/org.apache.felix.webconsole.internal.servlet.OsgiManager.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Reports_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/IterationTestPlanFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/ScheduledTimePeriod.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/bugtrackers/bugtracker-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/ActualTimePeriod.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/PreventConcurrent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-cases-management/parameters/ParametersTab.js.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/StandardReportType.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find requirements by categories.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/weather_rain.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/button.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomCustomReportNodeDaoIT.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/icons/sourcedialog.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/vi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/films.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/UrlParser.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignPathEdge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/jquery.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/calendar_2.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/InternationalisableLabelFormatter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages.properties.orig.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/PartyVisitor.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.9.0.xml.i
data/dependencies/springdm-bundle-dependencies/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_spreadsheet.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseFolderModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace/show-test-suite-test-plan-manager.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Home_on.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/xml/plugin.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.5.2.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/InternationalisableLabelFormatter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/km.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/templates.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionDaoIT.should find all requirements versions by id.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_group.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/requirement/CustomRequirementVersionManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/.htaccess.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/config/TreeNodeBuildersConfig.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseFormModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/UserProjectPermissionsBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/features.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/lock.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/AuditLogInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/icons.png.i
data/core/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dependencies-scan-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-cases-management/step-table.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsTreeNodeListBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreationEventPublisherAspectTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/import/import-links-summary.jsp.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/SynchronousBuildProcessor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/javascript/spec/ReportCriteriaPanelSpec.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/dialog_sides.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/repository/jdbc/SquahtestDatabaseAuthenticationDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/testautomation/CustomAutomatedExecutionExtenderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/file-upload/SimpleFileUploader.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/administration.jsp.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933-master.xml.i
data/tools/license-resources/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/sample.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-plan-panel/sortmode.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/editor_ie8.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseStatisticsService.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/security/AdministratorAuthenticationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/batchimport/testcase/no-header.xlsx.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icone_TestPlanItem.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/OptionalIntegerCellCoercerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestAutomationConnectorRegistry.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/mobile_phone.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drive_network.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fo.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionCoverageBridge.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicComponentInvocationHandler.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressScheduledAbstractDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestoneModificationController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseBridgeIT.dataset.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/requirement/excel/RequirementSheetColumn.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/StringEllipser.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/LibraryNavigationController.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-install-0.15.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/home-workspace/home-main-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/he.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.5.0.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/hi.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ExecutionModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Bugtracker_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/GenericLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreationEventPublisherAspectTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_flat_55_999999_40x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/edit-test-case-from-exec.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/report/ReportController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/report-issue-popup/advanced-view-template.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/annotation/InheritsAcls.java.i
data/core/core.wizard.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/wizard/WizardValidationException.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Build.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-verified-requirement-bloc.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestStepDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/export/TestCaseWhateverImportController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/RequirementVersionDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/thymeleaf/processor/attr/SquashCssAttrProcessor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerDomainExceptionResolver.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/TreeNode.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Bugtracker_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-executions.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.wine.less.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/parameters/SimpleParameter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/popups/rename-node-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/th.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/IssueList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/users/user-permission-popup.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/requirement-search-result.html.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/CustomPermission.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementVersionExcelBatchImporterIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/RepositorySpecConfig.groovy.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.8.1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/house.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.meterGaugeRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/http/RequestHeaders.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/hibernate/AboveDateCriterion.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/sub-page-layout.tag.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/editor.css.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/dialog_sides.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/circle-d1.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/req-export-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/sideView.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/services/JasperReportsServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.mekkoAxisRenderer.min.js.i
data/provision/src/main/resources/jettyhome/work/README.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/ColumnHeaderNotFoundException.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseSearchCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/def_cat_user-story.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SoftDeletableDaoPointcut.aj.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.should remove all permissions on object for user.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/ActionTestStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/BugTrackerNameAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/SimulationFacility.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/ActionTestStep.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/EmptyCriteria.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_test_created_by.xls.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_cccccc_1x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/ku.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/icons.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/ExportTestStepData.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceIT.testautomation.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-cases-dashboard/summary.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/feed.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/table.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_White.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectsPermissionManagementService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/view/ReportViewCatalog.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_aling_right.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/fr.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/squashtest.csp.tm-servlet.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/milestones/milestones-tab.html.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/database.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/project-filter/ProjectFilter.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sport_football.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/requirement/RequirementVersionNotLinkableException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/Facility.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseLibrariesCrudService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ui_tab_bottom.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/NotDeletableException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Exec_stop.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/lang/en.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-0.15.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/bugtracker/CustomBugTrackerModificationService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.reportworkspace.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/wizard/WorkspaceWizardRegistry.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/specialchar.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_powerpoint.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldValueFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-cases-management/step-table-panel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/mini.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_access.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/infolist/DenormalizedInfoListItemManagerService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanManager.should keep test plan on iteration.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/fragment-tab-panel.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignModificationController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementStatus.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/nullpx.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-workspace-todelete/x-add-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/user_business_boss.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-iteration-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseNodeWalker.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/ImportModeCellCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_flat_100_ffffff_40x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomFieldValueDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/iframedialog/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/NonUniqueEntityException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/attachment/Attachment.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step cause all term for tester.xml.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicdao/DummyEntity.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/InputType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_padding_bottom.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/SheetCorruptedException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/web/authentication/MyAccessDeniedHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/etc/info-list-item-icon-GENERATOR.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/authentication/accessDenied.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/tableresize/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/CampaignSearchResultTable.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.11.0.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/ColumnHeaderNotFoundException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/project-tabs/custom-field-binding.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignStatisticsService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_dropcaps.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.dateformat.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/ProjectUtils.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationTestPlanManagerServiceIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.dateAxisRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/ku.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/testadvisor/test-advisor-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-cases/edit-test-case-folder.jsp.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/net/HttpRequestFactoryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/null.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/control_eject.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/ImportSummaryImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/Identified.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/typography.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseLibraryDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to same project.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseNodeWalker.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/clipboard_sign.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NonUniqueEntityException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/crown_silver.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.purple.less.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/atelier-dune.dark.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/TestSuiteNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.aspects/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/validation/NotNullValidatorAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.php.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/dialog_sides.gif.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/root.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomProjectModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/user-account-reset-password-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/attachment/AttachmentHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/ExecutionIssueFinder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_ajax-notifications.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/library/CannotCopyNodeException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/piano.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/zh.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/BugTrackerBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/blueprint_horizontal.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/is.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/audit/AuditableMixin.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomTestSuiteDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_shred.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/library/SearchService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicManagerInvocationHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/bugtracker/BugTrackerManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/cs.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseIterationBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/project/GenericProjectModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/IdentifiersOrderComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/UserManagerService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/LockedFolderInferenceTreeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TreeNodeCopier.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-tm-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/VerifiedRequirementException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablewhere/Parent.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/BugTrackerModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ProjectDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementStatusBridge.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/GenericProjectModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateObjectDao.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-0.23.0.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/iterations/edit-iteration.jsp.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/DefaultFiltering.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bug.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layout_select_footer.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/color_swatch_2.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementAuditEvent.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/CustomFieldBindingModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/wall_disable.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/delete-contextual-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/dashboard-mask.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sort_rating.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionNumberComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/weather_snow.png.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/ArbitraryQueryHandler.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandlerIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customeditors/AttachmentPropertyEditorSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/milestones/jquery.squash.milestoneDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/project/ProjectTemplateController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/datejs/datejs-all.js.i
data/core/core.jasperreports.fragment/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomRequirementModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/test-plan-combo-box.jsp.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/cog.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/CallStepManagerController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/search-result-display.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/file-upload/attachments-manager.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/CustomFieldValuesController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/step-table-panel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_padding_top.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementParser.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/it.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/icons.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementAuditEventDaoIT.should persist various events.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/ActionTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/sprites_ie6.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/ColumnUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestPlanStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/execution-processing/init-preview.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseFolderModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-icons_a8a8a8_256x240.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/executionHelper.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/OptimizedRunnerState.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsTreeNodeListBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/dialogs/placeholder.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/ajaxcall.tag.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/spi/exceptions/NotFoundException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/CustomTestStepFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_gear.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/file.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/foundation/collection/PagingUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.green.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/coercers/TestSuiteToIterationCoercerForList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/TestCaseSearchInputPanel.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/StubObjectAclService.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDeletionDaoIT.should delete custom field and option.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/RequirementVersionCoverageTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseTypeJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layout_select_content.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/IssueModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/eo.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jasmine-2.0.0/jasmine-html.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/file-upload/attachments-bloc.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sport_8ball.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/VerifiedRequirementsManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-icons_f7a50c_256x240.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/BTProjectTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/import-excel-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestSuiteTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateItemTestPlanDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/core/api/repository/SqlQueryRunnerIT.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/GatherTestListTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTable10Model.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/spi/UnknownConnectorKind.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/jmx-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Reporting_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/ParameterInstructionBuilderTestTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/edit-folder.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/RequirementExportModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/search/ExpandedTestCase.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/search-result-display-ordered-by-requirement.jsp.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/PagingAndMultiSorting.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_list_bullets.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.contextual-content.js.i
data/core/core.jasper.fragment/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/ChartDefinition.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/toggle-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Folder_16.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/UserDetailsService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/shades_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customfield/CustomCustomFieldManagerService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project f+c + cufs.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignTestPlanManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.4.0.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/requirement-version-editor.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.6.0.result.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/basic-objects/ie8-special-pie-renderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/configurations/login-message-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/specs/report/ReportCriteriaPanelSpec.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/IterationTestPlanItem.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/devtools/devtools.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/def_cat_ergonomic.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/applicationContext-tm-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/general-error.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should return all the requirements in a hierarchy given some ids.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/strategy/CampaignLibrarySelectionStrategyImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/BugTrackerModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/WrongCufDateFormatException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datatables/jquery.dataTables.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/timeline_marker.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/KeyEventListener.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/tm/validation/constraint/HasDefaultAsRequired.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/is.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomTeamDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move a grap of folders-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/attachment-bloc.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/lock_unlock.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.cookie.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/UnauthorizedPasswordChange.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/_translationstatus.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/th.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-0.23.0-test.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ExecutionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CampaignStatisticsServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/execution-progression.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStepTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/static/test-case_import_template_zip_fr.xlsx.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/IterationTestPlanItemTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectsPermissionFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldValueFinder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/Identified.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/hu.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseBridgeAttachments.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/ja.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/resource/SimpleResource.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/templates/js.includes.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/requirement/CustomRequirementModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/spi/BugTrackerConnector.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.should create a suite with custom fields.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should try to resume and not find execution step because all executions terminated.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/heart_empty.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.log4j/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/log4j/Activator.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.green-blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsTreeNodeListBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementNodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementParserImplTest.groovy.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/ActionStepCollector.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/DatasetInstructionBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/plugins/tree-picker-plugin.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/testautomation/testcase-script-elt-code.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectTemplateManagerService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignTestPlanManagerServiceImplIT.should add to test plan a test case already in test plan.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/file-upload/downgraded-upload-dialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_word.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementAuditEventVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/ExcelTestCaseParserImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/project/ProjectTemplateManagerIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/user.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.reportworkspace.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/bg.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/assets/posteddata.php.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationService2IT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/AbstractNodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/arrow_inout.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h3.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drive_disk.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/issue-tables/init-test-step-issue-table.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestSuiteFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/api/repository/NamedParamsListExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/vi.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/UsersGroup.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/CustomDummyManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_InfoList.jpg.d
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/hu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/email_open_image.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/def_cat_business.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_InfoList.jpg.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanManager.should add two test plan items to two test suites with test plan items.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/require/domReady.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/LibraryTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/tree-picker-conf/tp-requirement-conf.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementNodeWalker.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchComboMultiselectWidget.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/JsonSimpleData.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-0.20.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/wheel.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/structure.subpageoverride.css.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/LICENSE.md.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/butracker-panel.tag.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressTestSuiteDto.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/logo_squash30h.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.jstree-node.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementAuditEventVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementPropertyChange.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/resources/mantisconnect-1.2.4.wsdl.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/search-tree-conf/common-conf.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestStepTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/NodeReference.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/testautomation/AutomatedTestServerMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementImporter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/requirement/CustomRequirementVersionManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/EntityModifierHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/dialogs/uicolor.js.i
data/core/integration-tests/src/it/resources/mantis.properties.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_test_truncate.xls.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/resources/report-views.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/MilestoneRuleReport.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/GenericProjectDaoIT.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move from folder to library.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationProjectDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_0078ae_1x400.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/CampaignLibraryTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/InheritableAclsObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/zh.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/ExcelTestCaseParser.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/StartBuildTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Status.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/java/lang/generics/GenericSubclass.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.confirmdialog.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestCaseDeletionDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/ReportFactoryIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/add-attachment-popup.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibrariesCrudServiceImpl.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.1.1.xml.i
data/core/core.wizard.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/wizard/WizardPlugin.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/search-result-display-by-requirement.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/core/messages_fr.properties.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/select-jeditable.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AttachmentDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/campaign-search-result.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should not move in himself.xml.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/obsoletelowko.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/PrivateCustomFieldValueService.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/access/NodeSelection.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.5.0-test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_2b2b2b_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/QueryPlanner.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateMilestoneDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/issues/bugtracker-panel.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/ExecutionWasDeleted.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/to_be_updatedmediumko.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/cs.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/vi.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/binaries/xls.zip.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/home-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/toolbar_start.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/security/authentication/MyAccessDeniedHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.trendline.min.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/add-nameable-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/pom.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisConnector.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/AttributeMapping.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/arrow_right.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/mantis-bugmessages_en.properties.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementStatusTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/exception/UnsupportedMethodException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/ExcelWorkbookParserBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/library/CannotDeleteProjectException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateGenericProjectDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/UserModificationServiceIT.should associate user to team.xml.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/conf/services/org.squashtest.csp.core.auth.config.properties.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_handles.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_indent_remove.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandlerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/CLNAfterInsert.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/HyphenedStringHelperTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_strikethrough.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/AbstractRequirementEventPublisher.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.grey.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/api.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/milestone-manager/milestone-activation.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_page.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/icons.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CascadingAutoDateComparatorBuilder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearchService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/sv.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace/show-test-suite.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStep.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/audit/RequirementAuditTrailServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/RequirementVersionCoverageDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_ajax-notifications.tag.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/global.changelog-incremental-updates.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/briefcase.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/GenericFolderModificationService.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/query/ReportQuery.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/advanced-search-input.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectFilterModificationServiceIT. should update project filter projects list.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/uk.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/RequirementNodeDeletionHandlerIT.should update tc importance.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/bugtracker/bugtracker-panel.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Search_Content.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/TreeNodeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/templates/contextual-report.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/MandatoryCufException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should remove reqs after move.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.datatables.v2.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/Visibility.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisAxis1SoapClient.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestIssue.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/coercers/TestCaseLibraryIdsCoercerForArray.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseFormModel.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_quality.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/ug.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/infolist/DenormalizedInfoListFinderService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/execute-auto-button.tag.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/net/HttpClientProviderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-binding/entity-manager.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreationEventPublisherAspectTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionParentBridge.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/report-workspace.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/checkbox.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/jquery.jqplot.min.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.13.3-test.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDaoIT.should find campaign statistics.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/SelectJEditableAuto.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceIT.should copy-paste a TestSuite and rename it.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_workspace-button.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementFolderModificationController.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/bug.png.i
data/core/core.report.api/bnd.bnd.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/stylesheetparser/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.wine.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/users/CustomTeamModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/DriveNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementVersionManagerServiceIT.should successfully rename a requirement.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldValueDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDaoSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/broken_heart.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/basic-objects/figleaf-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.purple.css.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletableMixin.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/squashtest.csp.tm-servlet.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_page_previous.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/PermissionGroup.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/utils/HTMLCleanupUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/dashboard/iteration-dashboard-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/WorkspaceService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldValueManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.gridster.with-extras.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/spring/CompositeDelegatingParameterNameDiscoverer.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NativeQueries.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/parameters/ParametersTab.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_padding_left.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerSimpleExceptionResolver.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/thymeleaf/dialect/WorkspaceHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/attachments/attachment-manager.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/table/dialogs/table.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TestCaseExcelBatchImporter.should delete a step.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/config/application.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/provision/src/main/liquibase/provision.changelog-master.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/ServerConnectionFailed.java.i
data/.hgignore.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/IllegalRequirementModificationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/project-active.tag.i
data/core/core.wizard.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/wizard/WorkspaceWizard.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/params-bindings.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/ActualTimePeriod.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/en-au.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/import-excel-dialog.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.13.0.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/calendar_1.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/keyboard.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomCampaignModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/TestAutomationServerManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/en-ca.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.notification.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/IllegalExecutionStatusException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/cut.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/mini.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/iframe-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/IdsCoercerExtender.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseExecutionBridge.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/images/hiddenfield.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/UppercaseUnderscoreNamingStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/sprites.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.mekkoAxisRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/campaigns-dashboard/nonexecuted-testcase-importance-pie.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/gpl-2.0.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/info-list-manager/InfoListOptionCollection.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/LinkedRequirementsManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/test/java/util/concurrent/locks/ReadWriteLockExploratoryTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/config-context.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/UnknownConnectorKindException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/UserAccountService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy tc with datasetParamValues of called step.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/attachment/AttachmentContent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/control_fastforward.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/ActionValidationErrorModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/decorate-ajax-search-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementLibraryFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/PseudoTestCase.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to same project f+c.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/servlet/DelegatingServletContextListenerMulticaster.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/FolderSupport.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CampaignTestPlanItemDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementTestCaseLinksImporter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/UserDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/atelier-heath.dark.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/project-info/AddTAProjectsDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_database.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/it.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/info-list/info-list-binding.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree-conf/w-customreport-conf.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/CustomFieldBindingDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customeditors/CategoryPropertyEditorSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/ActionStepCollector.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/lv.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignFolder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/hql/MultiOwned.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/bg.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-table-iter.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ItemTestPlanDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/test-suite-managment.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/DatasetInstruction.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/ja.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_excel.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/icons.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomMilestoneBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/jqPlotOptions.txt.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Blue.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-cases-dashboard/bound-requirements-pie.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/requirements/requirement.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sq.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDatasetDaoIT.should remove dataset.xml.i
data/src/main/scripts/precommit.bat.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseWeightTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationService2IT.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/cy.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/coercers/RLNAndParentIdsCoercerForList.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/ProjectTemplate.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/verified-requirements-bloc.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/bbcode/plugin.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/basespecs/DbunitDaoSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/IterationTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseStatusBridge.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/reset.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/ja.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/utils/DateUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/ExecutionStepDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/TestAutomationManagementServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationProjectManagerServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/def_cat_technic.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldJsonConverter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/general-error.jsp.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sv.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.datatables.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementHierarchyCreator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/cross.png.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/i18n/Abbreviated.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/MultiValuesCriteria.java.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/TCLNBeforeDelete.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/internal/validation/validator/CustomFieldHasDefaultAsRequiredValidatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/tr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/vi.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/hibernate.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/skin.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customeditors/VersionPropertyEditorSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/PartyProjectPermissionsBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/select-jeditable.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomCustomFieldDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/data.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/icons_rtl.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/dialog_sides_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/campaign/TestCaseAlreadyInTestPlanException.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.10.3-issue-3860.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/data/web/internal/model/jquery/DataTableModelTest.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/bugtracker/mantis/messages.properties.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.placeheld.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/report-type-image.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchRangeWidget.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/root.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/Instruction.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/nb.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.11.0.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/MilestoneBindingServiceIT.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/clock.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-case-workspace/tc-rename-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/ExecutionHasNoRunnableStepException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/clock.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/resources/log4j.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/core/messages.properties.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationService.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree-conf/tree-main.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/campaign/IterationMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_workspace-button.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/chart_line.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.shouldDeleteAndReorderCTPI.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionImportMemento.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/project/project-permission-table.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/popup/cancel-button.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestoneBindingManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/IterationIssueFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/javascript/spec/ConciseFormModelSpec.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.tableDnD.ext.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/ckeditor/ckeditor-header.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.test-case-gathering.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/tomorrow-night-eighties.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/NameAlreadyInUseException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.messagedialog.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/OptionalStringArrayCoercerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementWorkspaceController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablefilter/Parent.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/specs/PlayerSpec.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/BugTrackerProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/steps/TestStepView.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/Folder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/LibraryTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionExtenderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_delete.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/AdministrableProject.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TCStatisticsService.boundReqs.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project and keep issues-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/coins.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/Slf4jAuditLogger.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/izpack/TargetPanel.dir.txt.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/ProjectPermission.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_smallcaps.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/java/org/plugin/workspacewizard/test/IterationSplitterWizard.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerActionExceptionResolver.java.i
data/tools/license-resources/src/main/resources/META-INF/COPYING.txt.vm.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/ajax/plugin.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/no.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseModificationServiceImplIT.should update a test step action.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/angry_smile.gif.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_ppt.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/ckeditor-config.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/UserModificationServiceIT.should associate user to team result.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/wall.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/CannotDeleteDefaultOptionException.java.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/RLNAfterAttach.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/mn.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablewhere/ParentChild.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestAutomationSuiteDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/sad_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/jqplot-ext/jqplot.squash.iterationAxisRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ipod.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-cases/show-call-step-manager.jsp.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/PagingUtils.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.12.3.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceIT.addSuite.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/white-arrow-down.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/dialog_sides.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/template.mf.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/sample/sample-db.changelog.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/service/CustomFieldHelperService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.dateAxisRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ui_text_field_password.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_basic_source.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Home_on.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ItemTestPlanDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/plugin.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/hourglass.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressCampaignDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/ComponentsListController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/requirement-version-audit-trail.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/test-case-attribut.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Bugtracker.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Identifiable.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/lang/en.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/mantisconnect-1.2.9.wsdl.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/en-au.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/atelier-lakeside.dark.css.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseFolderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/def_cat_non-functional.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/TeamModificationServiceIT.should delete team having a core group.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/CustomBugTrackerModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/CustomFieldDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TestCaseValidator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/basic-objects/timestamp-label.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/CriteriaBase.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/sl.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-table-execstep.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/ieo-execute-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/eo.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/trophy_silver.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementAuditEvent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/FolderModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/jdbc/ManageableAclService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/FolderModificationController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldValueDaoIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/TestCaseLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/RequirementVersionCoverage.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/CampaignLibraryTreeNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirement-workspace/show-requirement-version.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/parameters/TestCaseTestStepsControllerTest.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/TestList.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomReportFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/WorksheetDef.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.1-undeleted-resources-and-attachmentlist.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/report/ReportWorkspaceController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_ffe77f_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasTextRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/info-list-item-icon.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/softdelete/import.sql.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/specs/Song.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layout_join.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-libraries/show-iteration.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/applicationContext-tm-servlet.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-case-executions-tab.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/sprites_ie6.png.i
data/provision/README.md.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/StubPermissionEvaluationService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.asp.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_808080_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/csswidgets.less.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/paraiso.dark.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages_en.properties.d
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/level-message.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.tableDnD.ext.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/wink_smile.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementParserImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreationEventPublisherAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/PasteStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages_en.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestStepDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/SpringSecurityUserContextServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.BezierCurveRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/TestCaseInstructionBuilder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/ieo-fragment-step-information.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/execution/dto/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/weather_lightning.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/requirement/RequirementLibraryMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/fragment-tab-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementMergerTest.groovy.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.8.0-test.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.meterGaugeRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/popups/delete-node-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/security/acls/CustomPermission.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/spring/ArgumentPositionParameterNameDiscoverer.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseNodeWalkerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-suite-management/test-plan-panel/exec-runner.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ui_slider_1.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-iteration-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/tr.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateExecutionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/user-account/milestones-preferences.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.10.5.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/PartyPreferenceService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/PermissionEvaluationService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressProjectDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/auditable-hibernate.cfg.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/ieo-execute-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-add-popup.tag.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/BugTracker.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/test-plan-panel/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sport_soccer.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseSearchSingleFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldBindingFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_glass_45_5e287b_1x400.png.i
data/dependencies/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Blue.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SoftDeleteFilterEnablerAspect.aj.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/tm-ta-osgi-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sport_raquet.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.4.0.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomBugTrackerModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/control_repeat.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/ObjectIdentityService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/icons.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SofDeleteBackwardCompatibility.test.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/DbunitServiceSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/CustomFieldHelperServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_side_contract.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/gpl-2.0.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/MultiValuesCriteria.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/DynamicManagerInterfaceSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/campaign-management-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestStep.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.9.10.dtd.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/pastefromword/filter/default.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/regular_smile.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ui_tab_side.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/editor.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/projects/show-projects.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-libraries/show-test-suite.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/ms.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/UppercaseUnderscoreNamingStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementPropertyChangeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/control_equalizer.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image/dialogs/image.js.i
data/tools/org.squashtest.csp.tools.unittest/src/main/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tools/unittest/assertions/CollectionAssertions.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/AdministratorAuthenticationService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.dialog-patch.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/core/BugTrackerConnectorFactoryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ruler_1.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_glass_45_808080_1x400.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/requirement-coverage_requirements.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icone_Requirement3.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/widgets/search_widget.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement_Use-case.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/DataFilteringService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/DomainException.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonCustomReportDashboard.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/JsTreeHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.generateId.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/testautomation/TATestNodeListBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sitemap.png.i
data/tm/config/src/main/resources/services/org.squashtest.csp.tm.hibernate.config.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/RequirementSearchParams.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/sk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/custom-field-binding.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/UserAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/CustomReportDashboardTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/welcome/HomeController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/import/upload-summary.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/it/resources/WEB-INF/messages/bang/messages.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/trophy.png.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/remoteapi/execution/dto/TestSuiteExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/flash/dialogs/flash.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/requirement/RequirementAlreadyVerifiedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/TreeNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/test-case-verified-requirement-bloc.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/dialog_ie8.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/static/test-case_import_template_zip.xlsx.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-cases-management/parameters/ParametersPanel.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/campaign-search-input.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.3.0.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/hammer_screwdriver.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCurrentIsCurrentBridgeIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/security/authentication/SquashAccessDeniedHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/info-list-manager/InfoListModel.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/campaign-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/eo.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/TestCaseImportanceManagerForRequirementDeletion.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/ActiveMilestoneHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/sr.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CascadingAutoDateComparatorBuilder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/infolist/InfoListItemComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/users/UserController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementVersionModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.7.1.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/execute-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/remoteapi/execution/StatusUpdate.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/GenericLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/requirements-components/requirement-version-coverage-stats.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/ExecutionHasNoStepsException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/sprites_ie6.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AutomatedTestDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/approvedmediumok.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/heart.gif.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_milestone_failed_status.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/navigation.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_signature.png.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/repository/TestAutomationTestDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomIterationModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pieRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/SquashSpringHibernateJpaPersistenceProvider.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/IterationTestPlanManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/client/ClientNameAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/PasswordResetForm.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/test-cases-executions.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/RequestHeaders.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/lightning.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ValidationFacility.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/filter/HtmlSanitizationFilter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/service/JasperReportsService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/sharedspace/sharedspace.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/OptionalBooleanCellCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/plaing_card.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/chart_line.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ReportServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pyramidGridRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/config/SquashServletInitializer.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/toolbar_start.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-table-execstep.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project f+c+i+s + cufs + execs-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/GenericDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/handlebars/handlebars-v4.0.2.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfields/CustomFieldBindingModel.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTeamDaoIT.setup.xml.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/CollectionUtils.groovy.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/EntityModifierHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_music_playlist.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugtrackerModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/charts/empty-chart.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/cascading_select.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/ParameterModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SetFolderIdParameter.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_f7a50d_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernatePartyDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/MultiOptionsCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasTextRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletableSupport.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/LibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/GenericWorkspaceService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/icons/codesnippet.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/thread/TestAutomationTaskExecutorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NativeQueries.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStep.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/ProjectionPlannerIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.authored.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/add.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/BoundEntity.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/MeasureColumnMixin.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIssueDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/hr.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/execution-execute-buttons.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_stack.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/project-info/EditTAProjectDialog.js.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/bin/squash_debian_readme.txt.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/ValueEditionStatusHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/styles/styles/default.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor.override.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/security/UserBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/control_pause.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletableSupport.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/resources/jasperreports_extension.properties.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Exec_stop.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/autogrow/autogrow.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/domain/AnnotatedPropertyObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Search_Perimeter_Blue.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomCustomFieldDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTeamDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/RequirementDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStatusTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.should disassociate a test case from iteration test plan and execution.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_text.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseStatusJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonCustomReportChartBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/search/test-case-search-input.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/enterkey/enterkey.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/eo.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/SpringSecurityUserContextService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/batchimport/excel/WorksheetFormatStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectsPermissionFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/archive/ArchiveReader.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/service/PropertiesBugTrackerFactoryBeanTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/testcase/CustomTestStepModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseCyclicCallChecker.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/hue_bg.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/VerificationCriterion.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-cases/show-step-verified-requirements-manager.jsp.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/components.css.orig.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/popups/delete-node-popup-lolmode.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationServerDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/step-information-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/requirement/MilestoneForbidModificationException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/grid.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/validation/validator/UniqueItemsValidator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateExecutionStepDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/jstree-tree_element_menu.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/hr.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementVersionManagerServiceIT.should change requirement category.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation-servers-manager/NewTestAutomationServerModel.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/thumbs_down.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/LevelEnumHelper.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/classic/d.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementImporterITDisabled.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignTestPlanManagerController.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_gloss-wave_45_e14f1c_500x100.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Campaign_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/smiley_mad.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/NodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/AutomatedSuiteManagementController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/DatasetParamValuesSheetColumn.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/testcase/TestCaseStatusesStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/CustomGenericProjectManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/automatest/spi/exceptions/UnreadableResponseException.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-0.23.0.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.bugtracker-issue-dialog.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/attachment/AttachmentManagerServiceImplIT.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/cs.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/specs/report/squashtm.report.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/vcard.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/VerifiedRequirementsManagerController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/BugtrackerDataTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/ExcelTestCaseParserImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchResultPage.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/verifying-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/icons_rtl.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to same project at right position.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/denormalized-field-values-panel.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/under_reviewlowko.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/logo_squash.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseCallStepBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.css.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/jmx-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/openedentity/ExecutionViewInterceptor.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/dialogs/placeholder.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bluetooth.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectFinder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/home-workspace.jsp.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/ta-admin-panel.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.11.0-test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/tag-it.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/dto/ReqCoverageByTestRequirementSingleDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/VerificationCriterion.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicdao/CustomDummyDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bandaid.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace/show-iteration.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseModificationServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ms.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/embaressed_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace.jsp.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.togglepanels.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/issue-add-popup.tag.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.test/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/sv.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/kiss.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.hotkeys-0.8.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/DatasetParamValueInstruction.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/mantis/MantisConnectorProvider.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_php.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryGraph.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/StubChefContextService.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/event/ConfigUpdateEvent.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/automatest/spi/TestAutomationConnector.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/viewmapping/AtView.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_avi.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_html.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/CustomTeamFinderService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/broken_heart.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pyramidAxisRenderer.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.executionPlusCustomFields.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/underscore/underscore-1.7.0-min.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/popup/popup.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/jmx-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sound_note.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandlerIT.should delete a test-step along with its attachments.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/verifying-test-cases/VerifyingTestCasesPanel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/scripts/squash/squashtm.projectfilter.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/treemenu/tree-menu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/ja.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_fcd113_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AttachmentContentDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/SubRequirementRewiringTree.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/META-INF/NOTICE.txt.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/preferences/CorePartyPreference.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibrariesCrudServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/verifying-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/select.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.log4j/template.mf.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/cry_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_get.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/model/TestAutomationProjectContent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/fi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_White.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/DatabaseBackedObjectIdentityGeneratorStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/cancel.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.should copy-paste 2 TestSuites.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/parameters/DatasetsTableColumnDefHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/pastetext/dialogs/pastetext.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDaoIT.should find test case ids.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/filter/UserConcurrentRequestLockFilter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/ko.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerDomainExceptionResolver.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.cpgFolderHierarchy.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNode.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseAttachmentBridgeIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/config/PluginEnabledEmbeddedServletContainerAutoConfig.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/structure.override.css.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/RemoteBuildStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/ReportIdentifier.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.green.less.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-folder-management/cf-management-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/oauth/oauth_error.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/workspace.tree-node-copier.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/IssueAlreadyBoundException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icone_RequirementVersion.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementFolder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementExcelBatchImportIT.should update milestone binding.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Grey.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move reqs to project with cufs-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/telephone.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_doc.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/projectfilter/ProjectFilterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/text.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/navigation.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/DocxTemplaterReport.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/search/SearchController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/parameters/NewDataset.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.oneshotdialog.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/flash/dialogs/flash.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/IdentifiersOrderComparator.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/teeth_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomReportChartBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/ReportIdentifier.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/campaigns-components/campaign-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CustomIterationModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/file-upload/jquery.squash.multi-fileupload.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/obsoletelowok.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/NotAutomatedException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste iterations with testSuites.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/CyclicStepCallException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/scripts/squash/squashtm.reportworkspace.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/exclamation.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ExecutionModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/icons.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/user_business.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/ProgressAwareMultipartResolver.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/mantis/MantisInterfaceDescriptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/milestones/milestone-info.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_zip.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/security/authentication/NoOpAuthenticationProvider.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-case-workspace/tc-add-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tlds/workspace-utils.tld.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/issues/bugtracker-panel-empty.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/thirdparties/dateformat.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/delivery.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/parameters/DatasetParamValueController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layout_select.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.hotkeys-0.8.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/filter/Parent.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/workspace-tree.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/TestSuiteDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/strategy/RequirementLibrarySelectionStrategyImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedSuite.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/StartTestExecutionIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/admin/admin-subpage.frag.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should not move in himself.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ExecutionProcessingService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree-conf/conf-factory.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drawer.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateParameterDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fa.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/LockedFileInferenceGraph.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/ok.xls.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/workspace-tree.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/def_cat_performance.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/yui.css.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/net/AuthenticationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldHolderType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/banner.txt.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseLibrarySelectionStrategyImpl.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/require.jquery.squash.datepicker-locales.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/audit/AuditableMixin.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.3.0-test.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementStatus.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/services/javax.validation.spi.ValidationProvider.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/ParameterInstructionBuilder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementModificationServiceIT.should change requirement criticality.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/steps/TestCaseTestStepsController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/listener/HttpSessionLifecycleLogger.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/requirement/RequirementFolderMappingIT.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/JenkinsConnectorSpec.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/lv.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sort_quantity.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/coercers/extenders/TestCaseLibraryExtender.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Search_Information.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ImportStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/arrow_divide.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/red-cross-icon.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/AsManagerServiceSpecConfig.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/IterationViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/infrastructure/hibernate/ReadOnlyCollectionPersister.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/fi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/money_dollar.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerBindExceptionResolverTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_page.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/coercers/CampaignLibraryIdsCoercerForArray.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/TestAutomationJenkinsConnectorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_TestCase_off.png.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/SpringPaginationUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/eo.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/MissingMandatoryColumnMismatch.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/projectfilter/ProjectFilter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/milestones/entity-milestone-count-notifier.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/attachmentsBlack16x16.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/DeletableNodeData.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/rss.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/UnallowedTestAssociationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/sl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/executions/TestCaseExecutionsController.java.i
data/core/core.jasperreports.fragment/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/main.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/pom.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/lang/he.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/bureau.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/script.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/Thumbs.db.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layout_join.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/si.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/steps/ActionStepFormModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseCountDatasetsBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_bold.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.green-blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/security/SecurityCheckableObject.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/hibernate/HibernateExecutionProgressQuery.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/TestCaseImporter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/SheetCorruptedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/QueryPlanTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bullet_add_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/TestCaseExecutionRunnerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_aling_middle.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.ckeditor.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/find.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/library/NameAlreadyExistsAtDestinationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/film.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementLibraryModificationController.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/Report.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/bg.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablewhere/SoftDeletableCollectionPersister.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/users/User.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementImporter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_aling_center.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/print.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStepTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Bugtracker_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/show-projects/NewTemplateFromProjectDialogModel.js.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/automatest/AutomatedTestServer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/lt.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/TestPlanItemNotExecutableException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_break.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseCyclicCallChecker.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/ExcelWorkbookParserBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/zh.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/angel_smile.gif.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/composite/ProjectPickerOption.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/blueprint.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/BugTrackersLocalServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/InternationalizableComparator.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.fg.menu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/icons/hidpi/placeholder.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignTestPlanItem.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/test-suite-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteModificationServiceImplIT.should add two test plan items to two test suites with test plan items.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/PartyVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/monitor.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/VerifiedRequirementModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/dvd.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchExistsWidget.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_inset-hard_100_ffffff_1x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/jquery.squashtm.projectpicker.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementFolderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/OptionAlreadyExistException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/Copiable.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-iteration-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/searchinterface/SearchInputPossibleValueModel.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.8.0.result.dtd.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/IdentifiedUtil.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationProjectManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/select_text.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerMaxUploadSizeException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/LibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AutomatedExecutionDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibrariesCrudServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/workspace.breadcrumb.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.5.1-test.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy to other project.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchFieldModelType.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/bugtracker/show-bugtrackers.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ticket.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.campaignPlusTestplan.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementTestCaseLinkParserImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/pom.xml.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.6.0.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/folder.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/jquery.jqplot.js.d
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.orange.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/hql-hibernate.cfg.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/audit/RequirementAuditTrailServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/clock.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/viewmapping/AtView.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/editor_iequirks.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/campaigns-dashboard/main-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/CustomFieldBindingManagerController.java.i
data/pom.xml.d
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/LinkedToIterationPreviewReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/AbstractLibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/thumbs_down.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/LockedFileInferenceGraphTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_5e287b_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/CustomFieldValueManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/audit/RequirementAuditTrailServiceIT.should fetch lists of events.xml.i
data/bom/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/ckeditor/ckeditor-header.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerMaxUploadSizeException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/project/DeleteProjectVisitor.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/tr.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/ChartSeriesTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/LibraryNavigationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/LogTrain.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/configuration/ConfigurationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/foundation/collection/FilteredCollectionHolder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/CustomFieldBindingDaoImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/search/RequirementSearchCriteriaAdapterTest.groovy.i
data/distribution/src/main/izpack/logos/logo-squash-tm-64.ico.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseType.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/CallTestStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/da.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/show-projects/NewProjectFromTemplateDialogModel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/wysiwygarea/fullpage.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_aling_center.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement_off.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/utils/HTMLCleanupUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceIT.should not find exec step cause all term for tester.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/resources/requirement-export.jasper.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/parameters/ParametersPanel.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/DatabaseBackedObjectIdentityGeneratorStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/simple-jeditable.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_square.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_put.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-test-suite-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/CHANGES.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/user_female.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/steps/CallStepManagerController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionAttachmentBridgeIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/spi/TestAutomationConnector.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/AutomatedSuiteManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BTController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/RequirementAuditTrailController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/security/authentication/AuthenticationProviderContext.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/ExecutionStepIssueFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customeditor/AttachmentPropertyEditorSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ruler_1.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/rendering/bar-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/dialog_sides_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/image2/assets/image2.jpg.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h4.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/da.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/menu/permissions-utils.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/jquery.squashtm.projectpicker.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/smiley_roll.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/users/user-permission-table.jsp.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/mini.gif.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/filter/RequestSanitizationFilter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableDrawParameters.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Green.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/mantis-bugmessages_de.properties.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryGraphTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/FilterModel.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/IdentifiedComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationFinderServiceIT.groovy.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.13.0-test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/atelier-seaside.light.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/MilestoneDataTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/internal/validation/validator/UniqueListItemsValidatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TestCaseInstructionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/automatest/api/exceptions/UnreadableResponseException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/asterisk_orange.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/angel_smile.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomTestCaseModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/core/core.changelog-upgrade-to-1.1.1.RELEASE.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/templates.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/IterationNodeBuilder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/ServiceSpecConfig.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Folder.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement_Ergonomic.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementExcelBatchImportIT.should import coverage.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIterationDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/AccessDenied.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Iteration_16.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/project/CustomProjectTemplateManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jasmine-2.0.0/jasmine.css.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCriticalityTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customreport/CustomReportDashboardService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/ProjectDeletionHandlerTest.should delete project.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/report/std/messages_en.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/money.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/ParameterModificationServiceIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/MandatoryCufNeedsDefaultValueException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/audit/RequirementAuditTrailServiceIT.should fetch lists of events.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDeletionDaoIT.should delete custom field.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDaoIT.should count non folders 3.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_resize_actual.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/templates/images/template2.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/CampaignDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/under_reviewhighko.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testutils/MockFactory.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationServer.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/ChangedPropertyJsonDecorator.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Requirement_off.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/definition/RemoteIssue.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_85_dfeffc_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/authentication/login.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/library/show-libraries-details.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomTeamDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/it/resources/WEB-INF/messages/whatever.properties.i
data/database/src/main/script/populateAuth.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/TestAutomationJenkinsConnector.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/CacheResult.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/disconnect.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/UserContextHelper.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/CustomReportDashboard.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/GenericProjectCopyParameter.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/web/authentication/AuthenticationSuccessCallbacksHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/NamedReference.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-libraries/show-test-case.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteModificationServiceImplIT.should add two test plan items to two test suites.xml.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.jedpassword.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestStepsTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/TestCaseDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/AuditableEntity.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/logging/Log4jLoggerLevelModifier.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/TestPlanItemNotExecutableException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_ffffff_256x240.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/HibernateServiceSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/library/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldValueFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.donutRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/inbox.png.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/report/form/DateInputDefinition.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.pack.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-0.17.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TestCaseExcelBatchImporter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/openedentity/OpenedEntities.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/testcase/TestStepFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/Campaign.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/HibernatePathService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.should copy-paste a TestSuite.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.messagedialog.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find test cases by requirement name token project ordered.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/Execution.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomDatasetDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/liststyle/dialogs/liststyle.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/fi.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/Id.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomTestSuiteModificationService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/StubObjectAclService.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/collection/PagingAndSorting.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/templates.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/assets/outputxhtml/outputxhtml.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/eo.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/filter/IE8AcceptHeaderFixerFilter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-suites-components/test-suite-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/attach_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sr.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.fg.menu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/etc/testCaseIconsCSSGenerator.groovy.i
data/distribution/src/main/izpack/logos/logo-squash-tm-150.ico.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchMultiSelectWidget.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/logging/Log4jLoggerLevelModifier.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchTagsWidget.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/execute-auto-button.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/readme.md.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_blockquote.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring.factories.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.enhancedLegendRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/BoundEntityDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/ckeditor-config.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomChartBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-cases-management/parameters/DatasetsPanel.js.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationTestDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement_Business.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/openXML/openxml.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.5.1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/help.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/utils/HTMLCleanupUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/IdentifiedComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/testautomation/execution/dto/TestSuiteExecutionStatus.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.5.1.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/FolderModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/ActionStepCollector.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.bubbleRenderer.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_2b2b2b_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/cy.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TreeNodeCopier.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/security/acls/Permission.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/testautomation/TestAutomationProjectContentList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/LibraryNavigationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/fileupload/UploadProgressListener.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/structure.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/ProjectAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/scopeStepView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/PasswordResetForm.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/JsonParser.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/project-active.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/ro.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/home/show-dashboard.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseFolderTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectFilterModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/infrastructure/Stub.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/welcome-message-ckeditor-config.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/dialogs/docprops.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SetFolderIdParameter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/RequirementDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_edit.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/audit/AuditableMixinAspect.aj.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/dialog_sides_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/security/AclPermissionEvaluationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ui_slider_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ProjectFilterDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-values/lib/jquery.staticCustomfields.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/authentication/accessDenied.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bricks.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.dragable.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ExecutionModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/info-page-layout.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/ThreadLocalBugTrackerContextHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-suite-management/test-plan-panel/main.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/IterationModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/search-tree-conf/conf-factory.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_quality.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CampaignLibraryDao.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/ExecuteAndWatchStepSequence.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.green.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/search/TestCaseSearchCriteriaAdapter.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TestCaseCallGraph.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/RequirementAlreadyVerifiedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/iterations-dashboard/nonexecuted-testcase-importance-pie.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.dataset2.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/FacilityUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bomb.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/plugin.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/execution-information-fragment.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/rest/BugtrackerRestController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_txt.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/PassThroughIdsCoercerExtender.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/api/testautomation/SquashTaExecutionIdentifierBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/CallTestStepTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.jeditable.ext.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TestCaseCallGraphTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.should delete the test case and cascade to its steps.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/DeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ruler_crop.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomBugTrackerModificationService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ExecutionModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/BugTrackerContextHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jasmine-2.0.0/boot.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomFieldBindingDaoIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/vi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_view_tile.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/WorkspaceTreeMenu.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/RepositorySpecConfig.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/WorkspaceTreePanelView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/RequirementSearchCriteriaAdapterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/IterationToCampaignIdsCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/FormEntryConstants.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/control_wheel.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/bg.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/book_next.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseAdvancedSearchService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/alarm.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/textfield_rename.png.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.7.1-test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drive_delete.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/readme.txt.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/StepInstruction.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sport_8ball.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.menubar.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/infrastructure/hibernate/UppercaseUnderscoreNamingStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.green.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibrariesCrudService.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/servlet/HttpSessionLifecycleLogger.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/resource/Resource.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_inset-hard_100_f5f8f9_1x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/SingleSelectFieldModel.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectTemplateManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.paired testcase requirement.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.logAxisRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/query/ReportQueryFlavor.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/missing_mandatory_header.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/openedentity/OpenedEntity.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/ValidationMessages.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ruby.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-cases/test-case.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-treepopups-todelete/export-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_gear.png.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changeset-migration-1.6.0-2454-doubleexec.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseWorkspaceController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/pencil.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/AbstractLibraryNavigationServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/NodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/eo.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/GraphNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/Requirement.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/dialog_sides.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/batchimport/testcase/import-2269.xlsx.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteTestPlanManager.should keep test plan on iteration.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/zh.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/basic-objects/success-rate-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomProjectModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldValueManagerService.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/PermissionEvaluationService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should find exec step through old exec.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/LevelComparator.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementModificationServiceIT.should remove and not retrieve a Requirement.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pyramidAxisRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablewhere/ParentChild.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CallStepManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/requirejsWorker/fake-worker.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_6eac2c_1x400.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/unitils-datasource-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/sk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/testautomation/TestAutomationProjectRegistrationForm.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/hibernate/cfg/ImprovedNamingStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.9.0-more-automated-tests.xml.i
data/core/core.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/testautomation/execution/dto/ExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/sunburst.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ExecutionModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/teams-manager/TeamsTable.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/fragment-tabs.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/placeholder.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/require-min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/nl.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementLibraryDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/DateUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/iterations-dashboard/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/META-INF/services/javax.validation.spi.ValidationProvider.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/IdentifiersOrderComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/AutomatedExecutionViewUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/images/hidpi/close.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/ProjectHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/DefaultEditionStatusStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/AdministrationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/custom-report-router.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-cases-dashboard/main.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/bureau.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/charts/ChartModificationService.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.test/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/Level.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/vi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/zone_money.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/execution-information-fragment.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sort_alphabet.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_square.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/basespecs/DatasourceDependantSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/popup/button.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomReportLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementLibraryModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/welcome/HomeController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/project/ProjectTemplateManagerIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/nl.js.i
data/tm/config/src/main/resources/services/org.squashtest.csp.tm.reporting.contentdisposition.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/CustomFieldBindingModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/wizard/WorkspaceWizardManagerImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/cross_octagon_fram.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/feed_document.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/test-case-popups.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/StepType.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/administration.jsp.orig.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/spring/view/jasperreports/JasperReportsExtMultiFormatView.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/library/LibraryUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_get.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/world.png.i
data/tm/config/src/main/resources/application.properties.i
data/plugins/plugin.automatedtesting.jenkins/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignFormModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchListFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-treepopups-todelete/delete-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/LevelComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/eu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon_template.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_avi.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should try to relaunch, delete execution and not find execution step because test cases deleted.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/project-tabs/milestone-binding.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/ColumnType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/sl.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementPropertyChangeEventBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/pom.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/users/PasswordChangeForm.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementVersionManagerServiceIT.should change requirement reference.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/core/messages_fr.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-campaign-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/Requirement.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/internal/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImpl.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933-4-campaigns.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/ImportRequirementTestCaseLinksSummaryImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/ValidationMessages_fr.properties.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_f9bd01_256x240.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/StubAclService.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/SquashErrorController.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/planning/StandardWorkloadCalendarTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/workspace/showChart.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementStatusComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/IdentifiedReportDecorator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/angel_smile.gif.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/spring/HibernateConfigurationIT_Disabled.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_red.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/ChangedProperty.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/fa.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/TestAutomationServerDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/uk.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/domain/DatabaseBackedObjectIdentityGeneratorStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/widgets/text_search_widget.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/project/WorkspaceWizardModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/Campaign.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/specs/app/BindViewSpec.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestonePanelConfiguration.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/users/user-info.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/thread/FetchTestListFuture.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/util/UriUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignTestPlanItem.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/background.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/tasks/TestAutomationConnectorTask.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/SuppressionPreviewReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/fileupload/MultipartResolverDispatcher.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/attachment/UploadedDataPropertyEditorSupport.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/ProjectDeletionHandlerIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/direction.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/osgi/BTConnectorPluginRegistrationListener.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/xhtmlstyle.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteModificationServiceImplIT.should add one test plan item to two test suites.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_xls.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/cy.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/user/AdministrationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery-includes.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/table/dialogs/table.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceIT.should not find exec step cause all term.xml.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/PrimitiveTypeUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/provision/src/main/assembly/eclipse-provision.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ParameterTarget.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/reporting_indicator.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/structure.subpageoverride.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/FormCustomReportChartBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/RequirementSearchCriteriaAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-suites/show-test-suite-test-plan-manager.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDaoSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/campaigns-dashboard/main.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/dialog.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/denormalizedField/PrivateDenormalizedFieldValueService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/infos/InfosTab.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/RequirementLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/de.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableMapperCollectionSortingAdapter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/project/project-permission-table.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/NoBugTrackerBindingException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/report-panel.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/PrivateCustomFieldValueServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/MilestoneFinderService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/ReportsRegistryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestPlanStatisticsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/magicline/magicline.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/sqldelete/Child.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/ExecutionHasNoRunnableStepException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignTestPlanManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/popups/rename-node-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/popup/popup.tag.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/commondomain/CommonPriority.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementVersionInstruction.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/squashtree.css.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.ckeditor.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/SearchTestCaseExcelExporter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/sprites_ie6.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_update_ko_unknown_milestone.xls.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/GenericProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_glass_45_0078ae_1x400.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/eu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_linespacing.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/NodeManagementService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/StringEllipser.java.i
data/tools/license-resources/src/main/resources/META-INF/NOTICE.txt.vm.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/zh.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/TestPlanStatus.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicdao/NoSuperclassDummyDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/skin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/tc-workspace-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/DatasetDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/clipboard_text.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchIndexMonitoring.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/TreeNodeDataTestImpl.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/report/squashtm.reportworkspace.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/IdentifiedComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/VerifyingTestCaseManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_generic.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_workspace-button-bugtracker.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/static/requirement_import_template_xls.xls.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_gloss-wave_45_2b2b2b_500x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/VerifiedRequirementsManagerControllerTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/BTProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/InconsistentInfoListItemException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/squashtm.fg.menu.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iesupport/am-I-ie8.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/testautomation/ta-admin-panel.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/AttachmentManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/filter/EnumServletContextExposer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/lightbulb_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/work_in_progresshighok.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseBridgeModifiedBy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/hr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/permissions-rules.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/file_upload.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/TargetFinderRepository.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/rich-jeditable-header.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/ieo/ieo-rightframe-fragment.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/iterations/iteration-test-plan-row.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_group.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/de.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/cross_octagon_fram.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/dialog.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/AutomatedTestDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/UsersGroup.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementPropertyChange.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/ru.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/funnel.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TargetStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/planning/StandardWorkloadCalendar.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/NextLayerFeeder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/usage.txt.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_basic.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/ReflectionMutatorSetterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/NamedReferencePair.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/def_cat_technic.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/ColumnRole.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/SimpleCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/TestAutomationProjectController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/BugTrackerManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/usage.txt.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/coercers/extenders/CampaignLibraryExtender.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/CannotDeleteDefaultOptionException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/ws/squashtm.menubar.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NonUniqueEntityException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/AsManagerDbunitServiceSpecification.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/java/org/plugin/workspacewizard/test/CampaignLibraryWizard.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CRLNDeletionVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/wizard/typeStep.html.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/link/dialogs/anchor.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/ExecuteTestsStepSequence.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionSetIdentifier.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/ProjectTemplate.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablefilter/Child.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/mk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/docx/docx.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/picture.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/FilterPlannerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/docx.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/JEditablePostParams.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/osgi/BTConnectorPluginRegistrationListenerTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/Filtering.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pointLabels.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/RequirementImportServiceSpecConfig.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/CustomProjectFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementFormModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squash.statusfactory.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/milestone/StubActiveMilestoneHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/custom-field-values-panel.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/DataTableColumnDefHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/fr.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/tmpFrameset.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/sq.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/plug.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/test-suite-statistics-fragment.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-config.xml.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/PagingAndSorting.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.6.0-2.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/dialog.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/onchange/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/CustomFieldHelperImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/sqldelete/Parent.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/star_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/report-issue-popup/jquery.main-plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignTestPlanManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementVersionResolverServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/BugtrackerAutoconnectCallback.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-workspace/show-verified-requirements-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/paintcan.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/LevelLabelFormatter.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/RequirementNodeDeletionHandlerIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/RenameModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_text_width.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/tree/TreeEntityDefinition.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/PasteOperation.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.6.0.dtd.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/delete-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_list_bullets.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/attachment-bloc.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/Form.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/jquery.jqplot.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/templates/images/template1.gif.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_MsgLogin.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/InfoListItemComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-case-workspace/tc-copy-paste-node.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementModificationEventPublisherAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/HibernateStatelessSessionHelper.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/AdministrationServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/BTIssue.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/UpperCasedStringBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/checkbox.js.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/annotation/QueryParam.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find test cases by requirement reference and name token.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignTestPlanItem.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/NodeData.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/BugTrackerBindingDao.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.5.1.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressIterationDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/infolist/InfoListBindingManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_paintbrush.png.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/licenses/header.txt.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/InputsGroup.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/counter_count_up.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseImportController.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.12-reset-data.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/CustomTeamModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseImportance.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/myshadow.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/User.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/repository/dependencies-scan-context.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_quality.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseImportanceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/report/ProjectsPickerPopup.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find verified requirements.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicDaoFactoryBean.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/placeholder.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/jasperreports/processors/CustomHtmlProcessorFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/views/dashboardView.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteTestPlanManager.should link test plan to test Suite.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/test-suite-statistics-fragment.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/atelier-forest.dark.css.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/UserAuthenticationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/InconsistentMultiValuedEntryException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/import-requirement.xls.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseCallTreeFinderIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/pagebreak/images/pagebreak.gif.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestAutomationProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-table-exec.tag.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicManagerFactoryBeanTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchTextareaWidget.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchSingleFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/popups/export-popup.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/jquery.squash.datepicker.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementLibraryDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_find.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerNotAllowedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/home-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseFolderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/charts/DomainGraphTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/RunExecutionException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/test-suite-managment-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/wsc.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/wizard/WorkspaceWizardManagerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/DatasetInstructionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/WrongPasswordException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to same project at right position.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/StubUserDetailsManager.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/serverauth/auth-manager.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/ProjectsTable.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/socket.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/basket.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/sprites_ie6.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sort_date.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/popups/add-folder-popup.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/BugTrackerProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_glass_45_2b2b2b_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/NameResolver.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseFolderDaoIT.db-setup.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/en-au.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/ms.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CampaignLibrarySelectionStrategyImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementParser.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/client-manager/client-manager.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/ajax-loader.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/arrow_right.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/GenericWorkspaceService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/fonts/fonts.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ImportLog.java.i
data/provision/log4j.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/MultiSelectFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/validation/NotNullValidatorAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/search/SearchController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseStatusJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/datatables/datatables-header.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/infrastructure/hibernate/TestStepPersister.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/dialogs/templates.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/cs.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/steps/TestStepViewFromExecBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/AttachmentDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/TestPlanAssignableUser.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/BugTrackerServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/internal/report/builder/SimpleReportBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.bugtracker-issue-dialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/pl.js.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DummyEntity.java.i
data/provision/src/tools/changeprop-processing.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementVersionManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerTransactionSystemException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/common-head.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/bg.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCriticalityTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/RequirementVersionCoverageTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/UserModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/flag_blue.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Exec_stop.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ReportServiceIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseModificationServiceImp2lIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drive_go.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/UnknownEntityException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/dialog_sides.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/OAuth2ClientServiceIT.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/toolbar_start.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseNodeWalkerTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/urlrewrite.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CallStepManagerServiceIT.dataset.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.should find permission groups by namespace.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/ParameterArray.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/UnsupportedMethodException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/ColumnDef.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/TreeNodeTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/whatchutalkingabout_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/mn.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDeletionDao.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/query/QueryOperator.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/EntityType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/magnifier.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.8.7.custom.blue.css.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_gloss-wave_45_e14f1c_500x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-suite-management/test-plan-panel/sortmode.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDaoIT.should  find an ordered list of itpi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/bugtracker-dialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/scripts/squash/squashtm.menubar.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/pageNotFound.jsp.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/RawValueModel.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933-4-campaigns.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/RequirementLibraryTreeNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_side_list.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignAdvancedSearchService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/popups/add-dashboard-popup.js.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/NoVerifiableRequirementVersionException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_view_gallery.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_delete.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/JsonHelperTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/images/loader.gif.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchIndexMonitoringForCampaigns.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateExecutionStepDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SetIdParameter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/IndexingProgressModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customreport/CustomReportWorkspaceService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/tomorrow-night-blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/AbstractLibraryNavigationServiceTest.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDaoIT.should count non folders 2.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/java/lang/generics/GenericSuperclass.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ui_tab_content.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/custom-field-modification.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/UnallowedTestAssociationException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/dialog.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/log4j.properties.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/en.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/tabletools/dialogs/tableCell.js.i
data/core/core.service/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_shred.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/home-workspace/home-workspace-main.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Item.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/thymeleaf/processor/attr/SquashUnsafeHtmlAttrProcessor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/km.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/infrastructure/filter/FilteredCollectionHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/ExcelExporterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-table-exec.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/link/images/anchor.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/target.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-campaign-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaigns/show-campaign-test-plan-manager.jsp.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/ParameterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/RunExecutionException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/nl.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseImportanceManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/projectfilter/ProjectFilterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/ActionStepFormModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/CustomFieldManagerController.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/BuildProcessor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStatusReport.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/LibraryContent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-plan-table.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/IterationTestPlanManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sport_football.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestSuiteMenu.js.i
data/core/core.testautomation.api/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pyramidRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/security/repository/jdbc/SquahtestDatabaseAuthenticationDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/templates.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDaoIT.should find test suite statistics.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/GenericFolderModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/OptionalDateCellCoercerTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.clickmenu.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/nl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-suites/test-suite-test-plan-row.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CampaignDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/bugtracker/bugtracker-panel-debug.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.buttonmenu.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/search/RequirementSearchCriteriaAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/ScheduledTimePeriod.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignLibraryNodeDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/delete-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCriticalityTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/remoteapi/execution/StatusUpdate.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDaoIT.should return list of executions.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippetgeshi/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/lightbulb.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/underscore/underscore-1.4.2-min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AttachmentListDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ProjectFilterDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletable.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find test cases by requirement reference token.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/select.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/StepEventListener.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/dialogs/docprops.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/TmServiceConfig.java.i
data/tools/org.squashtest.csp.tools.unittest/src/main/groovy/org/unitils/core/dbsupport/H2DbSupport.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-0.23.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/under_reviewvery_highko.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_refresh.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/execution-processing/init-ieo.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/IterationFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/MultiValuedCustomFieldValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/BugTrackerAdministrationController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.jstree-node.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/campaign/CampaignProgressionStatistics.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/de.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.4.0.dtd.orig.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/Identified.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/report-libraries/show-report.jsp.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/ThreadPoolStepScheduler.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/pom.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/GetBuildIDTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/lock.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/validation/validator/CustomFieldHasDefaultAsRequiredValidator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/deletion/AffectedEntitiesPreviewReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/ExecutionsTableController.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/color_swatch_1.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AttachmentListDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/parameters/NewDatasetDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/infrastructure/filter/CollectionSorting.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/repository/SqlQueryRunner.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestCampaignStub.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/ClientDataTableModelHelper.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/jdbc/temp.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/Issue.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.3.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/TreeLibraryNodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/dataset1.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/CampaignLibraryTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDaoIT.should return list of executions.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/SingleSelectFieldTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/IdCollector.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandlerTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move a grap of folders.xml.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.1-fix-bad-test-datas.sql.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_ffe77f_256x240.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/star_2.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseLibraryNodeDaoIT.sample.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/SingleSelectFieldTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/BindableEntityMismatchException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementCriticalityComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.aspect/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/aspect/validation/NotNullValidatorAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/ciframe.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-cases/test-case-library.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/TestAutomationFindingController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/JmxConfig.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementStatus.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/dialog.css.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/CustomReportLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/TestSuiteModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/fr-ca.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor.override.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/photos.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customreport/CustomReportChartBindingController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/sv.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateClientDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/GenericSimpleEntryConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/plugins/jstree-dnd-override.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/components-list.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementCoverageStat.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldHolderType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldBindingModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomTestCaseModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/smiley_red.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/ProjectVisitor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignFinder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/import-requirement-with-new-folder-column.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/InfoListItemMixin.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/GenericLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/changes.txt.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldBindingModificationService.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Job.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-suites/edit-test-suite.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.enhancedLegendRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/def_cat_user-story.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-case-executions-tab.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jquery/jquery-ui-1.9.2.custom.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/java/util/SortedSetTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ka.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/logo_squash.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/FetchTestListStepSequence.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/mk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseTypeJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ExecutionModificationServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseNodeWalker.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_dvd.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/lv.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_allcaps.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseCallTreeFinder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestSuiteManager.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/validation/ValidatorFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/import-req-tc-links-excel-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bookmark_document.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationExecution.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/DatasourceSpecConfig.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/fa.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionImportMemento.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementSearchCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-plan-management/BatchEditStatusDialog.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/dataset_with_coverage_errors.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/ku.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/ActualTimePeriod.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStatusReport.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/import test case in library.xls.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/SelfClassAware.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementSearchCriteria.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squash.basicwidgets.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/lv.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/export/ExportPlugin.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/sv.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/EnumJeditableComboDataBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/GenericLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/attachments/attachment-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/ajax-loader.gif.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.should disassociate a test case from iteration test plan and execution.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/importer/RequirementImportLogController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/report/ConciseFormModel.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/squashtree.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CustomIterationModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/HyphenedStringHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/listener/OpenedEntitiesLifecycleListener.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/control_play.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/ReportViewServletContextInitializer.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ru.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/spi/BugTrackerConnector.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/planning/iteration-planning-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sockets.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/templates/datepicker.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/infrastructure/AopSquashProxyUtil.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/execution/dto/TestSuiteExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/AxisColumnMixin.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/workspace.routing.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Campaign_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-test-suite-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/GenericNodeManagementServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/en.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.8.4.custom.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/import-test-cases-stylesheet.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/UserModificationServiceIT.should associate user to team result.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStepTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionDaoIT.should delete all requirements versions by requirement id.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bookmark_book_open.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/static/test-case_import_template_zip_fr.xls.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomGenericProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_lowercase.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/toolbar_start.gif.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/dialog/dialogDefinition.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/SubTreeNode.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDatasetDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.jetty.start.osgi/template.mf.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/TeamFinderService.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/StartBuildTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Campaign.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find on name.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/project/ProjectFilterModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.bugtracker-issue-dialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/exclamation.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/fond_nav.gif.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/jdbc/temp.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move and update cufs-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/dialog_opera.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationServer.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/StepFuture.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NonUniqueEntityException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/TestCaseLibraryMerger.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseLibraryDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/logo_squash_outline_7_small.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/CustomFieldValidator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/page-components/general-information-panel-controller.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/EntityDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/WorkspaceController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/CampaignFolderIssueFinder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/campaign/CampaignMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CallStepManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/nl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bell.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/pl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/popups/import-excel-popup.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/sprites.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.13.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/test-case-search-result.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/IterationDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/workspace.delnode-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/AnnotatedPropertyObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/api/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/TestSuiteNodeBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.blue.css.i
data/tools/pom.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/Iteration.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerMaxUploadSizeException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/JsonMarshallerException.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/TestPlanStatisticsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/TestCaseImporter.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/project/ProjectTemplateManagerIT.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/config.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/resource/SimpleResource.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/work_in_progress.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/projectfilter/ProjectFilterController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/user/StubCustomUserAccountService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.should delete testSuites and remove itpi from iteration.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/test/ObjectMapperTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find requirements by reference and name token.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_failed_milestone_not_exist.xls.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/project/CustomProjectModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/jstree-header.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/automatest/api/exceptions/ServerConnectionFailed.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/add-nameable-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/project/project-permission-popup.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/spellcheck.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBoundEntityDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/coercers/extenders/RequirementLibraryNodePathEdgeExtender.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ModelIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Requirement_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/wizard/previewStep.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/icons_hidpi.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/UploadProgressListener.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/RequirementAuditEventTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationStatisticsServiceIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/workspace-tree.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/spi/ServerConnectionFailed.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/filter/AtFilterTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/squashtm.fg.menu.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-values/table-handler.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/rocket.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.barRenderer.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_217bc0_256x240.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/AutomatedTestManagerServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/af.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/pilcrow.png.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/i18n/ContextBasedInternationalized.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/embarrassed_smile.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/CallStepManagerController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/UserModificationServiceIT.should deassociate user to team.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/BugTrackerManagerService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Iteration.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.executionPlusSteps.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/BuildProcessor.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/dialog_sides_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/CallStepParamsInfo.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/classic/style.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.ciParser.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/datejs/date-en.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/IdentifiedReportDecoratorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/execute-execution-preview.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/ca.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_paperclip.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/export/SimpleCampaignExportCSVModelImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementVersionManagerServiceIT.should remove and not retrieve a Requirement.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/audit/RequirementAuditTrailService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-library-management/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/squashtable.datatype.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignFolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/campaign-workspace/camp-tree-popups.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationProjectDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IndexedCampaignTestPlanItem.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/hi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/plugins/workspace-tree.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_zip.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/ActionTestStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-binding/main.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/common-head.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/FolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/requirement/VerifiedRequirementException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryNodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layout.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/ParameterFinderImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_flip_vertical.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/CheckBuildRunningTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/ProjectDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/dialogs/smiley.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/AdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/music_beam.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_handle-ajax-processing.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/verified-requirements/VerifiedRequirementsPanel.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/en-ca.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/web/authentication/OSGIProxyUserDetailsService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/TemplateWorksheet.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/BuildList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/annotation/SecurityComponent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/style.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/datepicker.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/README.txt.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.general.dbsetup.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/attachment/AttachmentHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/testautomation/TATestNodeListBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/EmptyTestSuiteTestPlanException.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/Party.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/sprites.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/NamedReference.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/skin.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDaoIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseLibraryModificationController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionProcessingController.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/spring/CompositeDelegatingParameterNameDiscoverer.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/control_play.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/BugTrackersService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/CallStepManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugtrackerModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/map.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/report-issue-popup/jquery.main-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/InternationalisableLabelFormatterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_aling_right.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/FolderModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/project/CustomGenericProjectManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/core/messages_de.properties.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move reqs to project with cufs.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/GenericProjectManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/library/RightsUnsuficientsForOperationException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/resources/persistent-repository-config.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/InfoListDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/RicherDialectSessionFactoryBeanTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Exec_Passed.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/import/import-summary.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/NotAutomatedException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestStepsTableModelBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/requirejsWorker/workerWithoutFake.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/squashtest.csp.core-servlet.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/TogglePanelView.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_txt.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/combo/OptionTag.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/api/repository/NamedParamsListExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAdministrationDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/security/authentication/BugTrackerAutoconnectCallback.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/es.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/squashtree.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste folder with requirements.xml.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/FormDefinition.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/images/arrow.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryTreeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/attachment-tab.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/user/LoginAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/desktop_empty.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_swoosh.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.form.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablewhere/Child.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/rename-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.dragable.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseSearchTimeIntervalFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/AutomatedSuiteManagementController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/fa.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_basic_source.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/verified-requirements/TestCaseVerifiedRequirementsPanel.js.i
data/tools/tools-resources/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseCountAttachmentBridge.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/iteration-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/CRLNAfterInsert.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/ListOfEntitiesFinderNamedQueryHandler.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_55_f8da4e_1x400.png.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.12.0-feat-5162.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/en-ca.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.9.10.result.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/oer-library/jquery.oer-control.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementLibraryMerger.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-table-exec.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/thumbs_up.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/connect.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/table/dialogs/table.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/SpringSecurityUserContextServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/dashboard/campaign-dashboard-panel.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/bootstrap-lite.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/placeholder/placeholder.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/zone.png.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/DatabaseBackedObjectIdentityGeneratorStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/cog.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/treepopups/create-node-custom-fields-editor.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/CustomProjectTemplateManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/sk.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/internal/validation/validator/UniqueItemsValidatorTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/VerifiedRequirementModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/cr-treemenu.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/plugin.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/TestAutomationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/arrow_branch.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/UnallowedTestAssociationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/it/resources/WEB-INF/messages/whizz/messages.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/mk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/oauth/UserResource.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should not find folders when searching non verified requirements.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/strategy/RequirementLibrarySelectionStrategyImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/it.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-treepopups-todelete/import-excel-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/issues-tab.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/components.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/eu.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseImportance.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicComponentInvocationHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/trophy_bronze.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.blue.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/repository-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/RequirementVersionNotLinkableException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignFormModel.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/AbstractBuildProcessor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.cursor.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/it-config-context.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationTestPlanManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/charts/QueryPlanTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/Parameter.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/StepSequence.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/si.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseStatisticsServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/ExecutionHasNoRunnableStepException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/users/TeamMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestSuiteModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/tm-ta-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/brown_papersq.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_f7a50_256x240.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/service/custom-dependencies-scan-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/importer/TestCaseImportLogHelperTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/DateEntryConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squash.configmanager.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/strategy/LibrarySelectionStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.popup-error.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/regular_smile.gif.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.9.0.xml.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/PersistEntityHandler.java.i
data/database/etc/createNewChangelogs.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CampaignAdvancedSearchServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableMultiSorting.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldDynamicManagerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/templates/images/template3.gif.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_TestCase.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/id.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.1-remove-deleted-on.xml.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicdao/DummyDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/verified-requirements/TestCaseVerifiedRequirementsTable.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/RequirementVersionCoverageTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/uk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/slides_stack.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/ko.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_inset-hard_100_fcfdfd_1x100.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationServerManagerServiceIT.2 not bound.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/toolbar_start.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldVisitor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/search-panel-by-requirement.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/authz/notAuthorized.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/ImportMode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/sk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/steps/TestStepController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/osgi/BTConnectorPluginRegistrationListener.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/TeamModificationService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectManagerServiceIT.should copy template settings.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/onchange/docs/styles.css.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/milestone/ExpandedMilestone.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/TagsValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/testautomation/TATestNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/IterationTestPlanItemTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/get-load.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/security/authentication/AuthenticationSuccessCallbacksHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/attachment/AttachmentManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/feed_document.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/templates/xml-templates.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/users/UserAccountController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_ffffff_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestStepView.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-master.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/computer.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/MilestoneManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move and remove or keep scripts.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/IdentifiedUtil.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.10.0.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/sample/sample-db-data.sql.i
data/provision/src/main/liquibase/makedoc/dbdoc.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drink_empty.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CallStepManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_error.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-test-suite-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/template.mf.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/PreventConcurrents.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/users/user-account.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/foundation/collection/SortingUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/envelope.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/BugTrackerLocalServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/TestSuiteHelper.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestSuiteManager.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/ItemList.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step because test plan empty.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/dbunit.cleanup.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/project-info/plugins-tab.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/report/form/FormDefinition.java.i
data/dependencies/junit-test-dependencies/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/SearchServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementTestCaseLinksImporter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/plugin.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/VerifiedRequirementsManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/new.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablewhere/Parent.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/iframe/dialogs/iframe.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/RenderingLocationModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/ajax.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignTestPlanItem.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/selection_select.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_75_e6e6e6_1x400.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerNotFoundException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-treepopups-todelete/rename-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/SquashTm.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/util/URLUtils.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignTestPlanManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/da.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/hibernate/IsInSet.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/javascript/spec/PlayerSpec.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/web/authentication/MyAccessDeniedHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages_fr.properties.d
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customreport/CustomReportController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/test-suite-execution-button.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-cases-management/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages_fr.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/CallTestStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/jpql/SessionFactoryEnhancer.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/SystemInfoListCode.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/web/BugTrackerContextPersistenceFilter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement_Non-functional.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerProjectDaoIT.should delete bugtrackerProject.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/hr.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/services/JasperReportsServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_85_dfeffc_1x400.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/linkables-tree.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/PluginReferencer.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sound.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/CoverageSheetColumn.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/user_female.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/bugtrackers/bugtracker-info.jsp.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.8.2.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisEntityConverter.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedTestDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/placeholder.gif.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/java/org/plugin/workspacewizard/test/MultiWorkspaceWizard.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsTreeNodeListBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableSorting.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/def_cat_performance.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressTestPlanDto.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/jdbc/DerivedPermissionsManagerIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedSuiteDaoIT.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.grey.less.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bookmark_book.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_allcaps.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/project/project-permission-table.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/chartWizard.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/web/authentication/RedirectEntryPoint.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/MultiValuesCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/TreeLibraryNodeCopier.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/OptionalOneBasedIndexCellCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drive_network.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/ParameterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/circle-d2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_cup.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/UsersGroupDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/dashboard.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/BatchActionSummary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-automation/server-manager.html.i
data/distribution/src/main/liquibase/distribution.changelog-upgrade-to-0.17.0.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/datatables/datatables-header.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/dialog_sides_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/denormalizedField/PrivateDenormalizedFieldValueService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/StubBugTrackerService.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/validation/validator/HasDefaultItemCollectionValidator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/script.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/internal/test/StubEntityDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-binding/table.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/note.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/hand.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/iterations-components/iteration-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/requirement-page.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/date_time.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/_html-tree.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDaoIT.small hierarchy.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/NewCustomField.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/CompositeDomainException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/core.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.8.0.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/NodeMovement.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/templates.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchDateWidget.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/AuditLogInterceptorTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should not find folders when searching non verified requirements.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/bg.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/AbstractBuildProcessor.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/requirement/RequirementMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/under_reviewvery_highok.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/WorkspaceController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugtrackerController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/query/QueryOperator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestStepDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/EntityDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/security/UserBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugtrackerControllerHelper.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/iframe/dialogs/iframe.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.1-orphan-entities-pg.sql.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datatables/jquery.dataTables.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-bugtracker.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/hu.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datatables/jquery.dataTables.js.d
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/steps/TestStepViewBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/jqplot-ext/jqplot.squash.overridableGridRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/attachments/attachment-display.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.mekkoRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/IllegalRequirementModificationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/projection_screen_present.png.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/FindAllHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/export/TestCaseImportControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/batchimport/excel/MaxFileSizeExceededException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/import-excel-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Thumbs.db.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirement-workspace/requirement-version-editor.jsp.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.13.0.xml.orig.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.should not delete the test case because of a step call.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h4.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_film.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/_translationstatus.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/ExceptionResolverUtils.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Case.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/Library.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pyramidAxisRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/wall_break.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sk.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/PasswordChangeFailedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/approvedlowko.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/test-suite-execution-button.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseModeJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_save.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_visualstudio.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/BlobUserType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/campaigns/campaign-folder-dashboard.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-test-suite-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDenormalizedInfoListDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/sinon.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application2.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/DatasetOAuth2ClientServiceIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/report/ReportWorkspaceController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/pl.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/service/requirement-import-custom-dependencies-scan-context.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateClientDaoIT.should return list of clients.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerExceptionLogger.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/security/ObjectIdentityServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/specs/SpecHelper.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/jstree-tree_element_menu.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/StepInstructionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sockets.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/SameThreadStepScheduler.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/FolderSupportTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-page.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibrariesCrudServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fi.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/strategy/LibrarySelectionStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/hu.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Home_on.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.asp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/ReflectionFieldSetterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CampaignExportCSVModelImplTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move selection containing obsolete.xml.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/spring/view/jasperreports/JasperReportsExtMultiFormatViewTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.ba-throttle-debounce.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/iterations-dashboard/test-inventory-table.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementVersionModification.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/link/images/hidpi/anchor.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/core/BugTrackerConnectorFactoryTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/SortingOrderTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find verified requirements.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/favicon.ico.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/criteria/Criteria.java.i
data/core/core.jasper.fragment/pom.xml.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.1.0-test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/id.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementFolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonIteration.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/infrastructure/hibernate/UppercaseUnderscoreNamingStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/ExcelWorkbookParserTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/hr.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/import/import-links-summary.jsp.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/Paging.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.dateAxisRenderer.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/UserContextService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/bugtracker/BugTrackersLocalServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/DropdownList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/project/ProjectModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/UnauthorizedPasswordChange.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/validation/validator/UniqueListItemsValidatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_osx_terminal.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/heart.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisConverter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/BugTrackerAdministrationController.java.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/templates/java-templates.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fr.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/GenericLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/IterationTestPlanItemTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/ko.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-workspace/show-test-case-library.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/BugTrackerManagerServiceImpl.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/templates.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/envelope.gif.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/about/dialogs/about.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectTemplateFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_refresh.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/ieo-toolbox.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/weather_cloudy.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/issues/issues-table.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/sk.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/OptionalDateCellCoercer.java.i
data/tm/config/pom.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/mantisconnect-1.2.4.wsdl.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/HyphenedStringHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/chart_bar.png.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/AdministratorAuthenticationService.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/ListOfEntitiesFinderNamedQueryHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/dialog_sides.gif.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/ContainerOptionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/no.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/ParameterModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.wine.less.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/dev/core.changelog-dev.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move and remove or keep scripts.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/charts/ChartModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDaoIT.should  find an ordered list of itpi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-icons_ffffff_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/AttributeRegister.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.bubbleRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/config/src/main/resources/services/org.squashtest.csp.core.auth.config.properties.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/KeyEventListener.js.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/DuplicateNameException.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/configuration/PropertiesBasedDefaultTestAutomationServerFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/medal_gold_1.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/resources/requirement-export.jasper.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/contents.css.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/DatasetParamValueInstructionBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/FindAllByIdsHandler.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.12.3.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseLibraryNodeDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.green.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/book_open.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedTestDaoIT.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignTestPlanManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/picker_thumb.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.removal of test steps should disassociate them from their parents.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/da.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/logo_squash30h.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/eo.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementModificationController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/plugin.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy to other project.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/sv.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementLibrariesCrudServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseWorkspaceController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_6da8d5_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/gu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/magicline/images/icon.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/checkbox.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/NodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerBindExceptionResolver.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/iterations/edit-iteration.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/user-editor/UserModificationView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/zh.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/StepFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/clipboard_paste_image.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.mekkoRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/SpringSecurityUserContextServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace/show-iteration-test-plan-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-automation/server-modification.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseCallTreeFinderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/SearchCustomFieldTimeIntervalFieldModel.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/customSecurity/StubCustomPermissionEvaluator.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-case-statistics/figures-view.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/logo_squash_outline_7_small.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sort_number.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/searchinterface/SearchInputPanelModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/link_off.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_update_core_attribute.xls.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/skin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/tree-conf/common-common-conf.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/fa.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/lv.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/audit/AuditableEntity.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseExecutionMode.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.paired testcase requirement.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/wizard/entityStep.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicManagerFactoryBeanTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/infrastructure/report/JasperReportsOdsView.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/uilanguages.html.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/heart.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestStepModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/divreplace.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/assets/sample.jpg.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-linkable-campaign-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/NamedReference.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/en-au.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/step-information-fragment.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/TreeNode.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/dialog_sides.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/inlineall.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find requirements by reference token.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/parameters/DatasetController.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/automatest/api/exceptions/TestAutomationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/export/CampaignExportCSVModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/treemenu/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/RequirementAuditEventTableModelBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/CallStepManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/lang/PrimitiveTypeUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/TestCaseSheetColumn.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/tasks/TestAutomationConnectorTask.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ImportedRequirementTreeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bookmark.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/SheetCorruptedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignLibraryFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonMilestone.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/FacilityImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jqplot/jquery.jqplot.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/projects/project-info.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/RequirementAuditEventDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datatables/jquery.dataTables.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/reset.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/report-issue-popup/advanced-field-view.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_init_workspace_variables.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/date_picker.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/FeedbackMultipartPopup.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/LogParseErrorInstruction.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/LogEntry.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/CHANGES.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/to_be_updatedlowko.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/calendar_2.png.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/composite/TreePickerOption.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/BugTrackerEntity.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementAuditEventDao.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/OptionInput.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/ExportDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/et.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/DataType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/under_reviewlowok.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomReportLibraryNodeServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Requirement_off.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-tm-servlet.xml.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/SquashTM.README.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_subscript.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/bn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/services/JasperReportsServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedTestTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/test-case-prerequisites.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedTestTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TestCaseFacility.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_move_backwards.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/static/test-case_import_template_zip.xlsx.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/momentjs/moment.alllang.min.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_php5.php.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_side_expand.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.jstree.ext.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/user/UserTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_page_previous.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/editor.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/export/ExportPluginRegistry.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/user-account-reset-password-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/AbstractNodeDeletionHandlerImplTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDaoIT.should return list of executions.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/workspace.import-popup.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/find/dialogs/find.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/smiley_slim.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/TestAutomationServerManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/coercers/TestSuiteToIterationCoercerForUniqueId.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementModificationServiceIT.should change requirement category.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/fileupload/ProgressAwareMultipartResolver.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_move_back.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_blank.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/campaigns/campaign-folder.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_zip.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_get.png.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/BasicInput.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/target.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.dateAxisRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/StringEllipser.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirements/versions-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sort_disable.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/async-butracker-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SetQueryParametersCallback.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/sqldelete/Parent.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Red.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementModificationEventPublisherAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/AutomatedTestManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/project-info/user-permission-table.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/AbstractNamedQueryHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layout_select_sidebar.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/UploadProgressListenerUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/coercers/TestSuiteToIterationCoercerForArray.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/sprites_ie6.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/coins.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/report-issue-popup/BTEntity.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_test_cuf_ok.xls.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/projects/show-projects.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/administration/login-message-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/tt.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomFieldBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_key.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/compress.png.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/tm-ta-context.xml.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/RLNAfterInsert.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/VerifiedRequirementsManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/databases.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/workspace/showDashboard.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/requirements/requirement-version.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/.htaccess.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/images/mini.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/colordialog/dialogs/colordialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/copy-paste-node.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/spring/ArgumentPositionParameterNameDiscoverer.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/deletion/SuppressionPreviewReport.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/mantis/MantisInterfaceDescriptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/LevelLabelFormatter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/CustomFieldColumnDef.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_lightning.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/core/core.changelog-1.1.1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestoneController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/ColumnHeaderNotFoundException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_php5.php.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/AttachmentManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/configuration/ConfigurationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/LinkedRequirementsManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/ExecutionsTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.green.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/es.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/emoticon_wink.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/urlrewrite.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/books.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/PathService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/popup/cancel-button.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDaoIT.should return list of executions.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-step-editor/TestStepInfoModel.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/chart/ChartModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sum.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/da.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/TestCaseLibraryMergerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/gu.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/SearchServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sort_alphabet.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/wall_break.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/TestCaseLibrarySelectionStrategyImpl.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/ku.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/weather_sun.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/BuildStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/attachments/attachment-dialogs.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TestCaseExcelBatchImporterIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/cf/NewCustomFieldOptionDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/StringPathMapTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/es.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_generic.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/model/TestAutomationProjectContent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/test-plan-combo-box.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/ajax-loader.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementPropertyChangeEventBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/thumbs_up.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/test-suite-execution-button.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/SecurityCheckableObject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/delete-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation/TestAutomationAddProjectPopup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/dialogs/sourcedialog.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/StartTestExecutionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/cake.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/link_break.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/SubQueryInliner.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.should delete testSuites.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.should cascade delete on attachments.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementFolderDaoIT.should not retrieve deleted folder.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.popup-error.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseFolderDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/testcase/TestStepModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/attach_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/InfoListComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/CLNAfterInsert.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/global.changelog-master.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/DatePickerFieldModel.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find filtered steps by test case id.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/ClientDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/RenameModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/PseudoRequirement.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomChartDefinitionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/Operation.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryPlugin.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestStepsTableModelBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/progressbar.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/vi.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jstree/JsTreeNodeData.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/TestPlanAssignableUser.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/FilterMixin.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h5.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Search_Associations.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateExecutionDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseImportanceLevelComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/advanced-search-input.frag.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/jquery.squashtm.linkabletree.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/MimeType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/TestSuiteExecutionControllerTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.purple.css.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/JsonParserTest.groovy.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.10.3-issue-3860.sql.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/SearchRequirementExcelExporter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/tr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/plugins/tree-picker.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/OptionsGroup.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/AdvancedSearchIndexingMonitor.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/test/groovy/dummy.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/uk.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_bmp.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layer_treansparent.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/attachment.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/library/RightsUnsuficientsForOperationException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestSuiteDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tick_purple.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/beans/Job.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/TestSuiteExecutionRunnerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/tree-picker-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/hr.js.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/automatest/api/exceptions/AccessDenied.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/music.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/security/authentication/AuthenticationSuccessCallback.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/report/std/query/LegacyQueryAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDeletionDao.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933-1-init.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/validation/constraint/HasDefaultAsRequired.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/hourglass.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/colordialog/dialogs/colordialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/hand.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTable10ModelAdaptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/brick.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/ProjectDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/impl/ArchiveReaderFactoryImpl.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestStepTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/package.json.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementParser.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomFieldDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CampaignDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/dialog_ie.css.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.datatables.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move and update cufs.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.8.7.custom.green.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/ImportLog.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/AdministrationDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionModificationServiceIT.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CannotDeleteProjectException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-iteration-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/JsonMarshallerException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/general-information-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_menu-bar.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jquery/jquery-ui-1.9.2.custom.js.d
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasAxisLabelRenderer.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomFieldBindingDaoIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/LevelLabelFormatterWithoutOrder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/plugins/jstree-dnd-customreport-override.js.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/pom.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.should find user with write permission on a specific object.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/bugtrackers/bugtracker-info.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/annotation/AclConstrainedObject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/searchinterface/SearchInterfaceDescriptionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/noimage.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Custom_Reports_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/StubEntityDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/shades_smile.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.grey.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchCheckboxWidget.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/html.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/HasExecutionStatus.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/core/core.changelog-1.4.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/NewNodeCustomFieldsValues.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_gif.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/config/application-jth_postgresql.properties.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/ReportViewServletContextInitializerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/IssueAlreadyBoundException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/lang/PrimitiveTypeUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/TestCaseLibraryTreeNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/milestone-manager/MilestoneFeatureSwitch.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/team-modification.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/nuclear.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/chart_curve.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace.jsp.i
data/tools/org.squashtest.csp.tools.unittest/src/main/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tools/unittest/reflection/ReflectionCategory.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/SquashSessionFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementImporter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/ExportDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/test-case-toolbar.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectFilterModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/crown.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/da.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/reportcriteria/execution-progress-followup-criteria.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseCallTreeFinderIT.dataset.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drive.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/magicline/images/icon-rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomFieldValueDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/step-information-menu.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/verified-requirement-bloc.frag.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/CacheScope.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/inlinetextarea.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableDrawParametersPagingAdapter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/emoticon_waii.png.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/MathsUtils.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/RequirementAuditTrailController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/LiberalBooleanCellCoercerTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/Event.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.placeheld.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/test-plan-panel/table.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_padding_right.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/RequirementAuditTrailControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/users/show-users.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/chart_pie.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/traffic.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_xml.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/tree-picker-conf/tp-customreport-conf.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/ru.js.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/CountNamedQueryHandler.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/eo.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/magnifier_zoom_in.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/LevelLabelFormatter.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Yellow.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/dbunit.cleanup.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layer_treansparent.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/sub-page-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.highlighter.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/emoticon_grin.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldBinding.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/clock.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/checked_box.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomReportFolderServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/scripts/squash/jquery.squashtm.projectpicker.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fr-ca.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/BugTracker.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/view/ReportViewCatalog.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/mn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/ActionValidationErrorModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Iteration.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/parameters/ParametersTable.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateExecutionDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/tt.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/classic/dot_for_ie.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CascadingAutoDateComparatorBuilder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/step-information-menu.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedTest.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933-3-testcases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sport_basketball.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/SelfClassAware.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestAutomationProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/TestCaseLibraryNodeExcelExporterService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/DataTableSortingTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/user-account-reset-password-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_save.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Yellow.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_split.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/EntityDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/AbstractRequirementPropertyChangeEventBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sport_shuttlecock.png.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.0-core-user-project-manager.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/DuplicateNameException.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/user/LoginDoNotExistException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-case-statistics/dashboard-builder.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/printer.png.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/conf/services/org.squashtest.csp.core.datasource.jdbc.config.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomReportDashboardDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/error.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/IdentifiedReportDecoratorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/parameters/NewDatasetModel.js.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/TCLNBeforeDelete.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirement-workspace/show-verifying-testcase-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/index.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/automated-suite-overview-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestoneRangeComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/import/import-links-summary.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomChartDefinitionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/jquery.jqplot.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerBugTrackerRemoteException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/ChartQueryMixin.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/i18n/InternationalizationHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/jqplot-ext/jqplot.squash.strippedTimeDateTickRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-case-workspace/tc-import-excel-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/tr.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/ExportModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SoftDeletableDaoPointcut.aj.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomTestCaseDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/services/org.hibernate.integrator.spi.Integrator.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ruby.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/bbcode/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/heart_small.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignWorkspaceControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/GenericProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/pipette.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.dragable.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibrary.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDenormalizedFieldValueDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CannotCreateExecutionException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/StepResultPropSetter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/dateformat.js.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/TCLNAfterInsert.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/squashtree.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/datasource.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/tr.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionAttachmentBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_45_2b2b2b_1x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/BugTrackerBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/EnumJeditableComboDataBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/computer.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/search-result-display-ordered-by-requirement.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignFolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/CustomRequirementModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/LevelComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/fr-ca.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.log4j/pom.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.13.3.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/show-projects/NewProjectDialog.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/hue_thumb.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandlerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/LevelImplementorSorterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/BugTrackerMenu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-cases/test-case-dashboard.jsp.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/bin/squash_debian.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/UrlParserTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedTest.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/BlobUserType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/contrast.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/TestAutomationFindingController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/RequirementViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/FolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/user_silhouette.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/init-actions.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/user-modification.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/BadConfiguration.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/report/SingleProjectPickerPopup.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/api/repository/QueryExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/photo.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_html.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseImportanceManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignExportCSVModelTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/MaxUploadSizeErrorModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/sq-css.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_update_status_crit.xls.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/LibraryNode.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/resources/mantis-bugmessages_fr.properties.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-ui-1.8.13.custom.min.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/EntityFinderNamedQueryHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/book.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_view_list.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933-2-requirements.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/CodeDoesNotMatchesPattern.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/tree/TreeVisitable.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementFolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/paper_bag.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/photo.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/mantisconnect-1.2.14.wsdl.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/throbber.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/ExcelRowReaderUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/InfoListItemCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/milestones/workspace-tree-milestone-popup.html.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Build.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/BTIssueDecorator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ui_saccordion.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryNodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/DetailedChartQuery.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestAutomationProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/BindableEntityModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/PluginReferencer.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/IssueDetector.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/security/AclPermissionEvaluationServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/hr.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-ui-1.8.7.custom.min.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/input/cancel.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/project/ProjectManagerController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/issues/bugtracker-panel-debug.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/BugTrackersLocalServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/timetracker.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/campaigns/edit-campaign.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/pencil.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/SimpleErrorModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/TreeNodeCopierTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_flat_55_fbec88_40x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/IterationDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CyclicStepCallException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/attachment-bloc.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.test/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionIsCurrentBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignTestPlanItemTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationProjectDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/jasperreports.properties.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/repository/ReportQueryDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/dialog.css.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/TextInput.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TestStepTarget.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/transmit.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/wait.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomMilestoneDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.8.7.custom.green.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_mp3.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementFolderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/requirement-workspace.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.5.0.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/TestCaseImporterIT.setup.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/edit-folder.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_view_xp_terminal.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/HasExecutionStatus.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.9.0.result.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/authorization/AclsController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionProcessingServiceIT.execution.runnable.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/openXML/jszip-load.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages_en.properties.orig.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/EntityType.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/deletion/NotDeletableCampaignsPreviewReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/htmlwriter/assets/outputforflash/outputforflash.fla.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionModificationController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIssueDaoIT.folders.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementModificationEventPublisherAspectTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/Copiable.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/simple-jeditable.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/hql/MultiOwned.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/AbstractNodeDeletionHandlerImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Reporting_on.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/fragment-tabs.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/BugTrackerStatus.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisConnector.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/cancel.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Milestone.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.12.0.dtd.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/api/repository/TemplateNamedParamsExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/event/StatusBasedRequirementAuditorTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/CompositeInvocationHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/box.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchRadioWidget.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.cursor.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/sqldelete/AutomaticSoftDeleteSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/reloadableselect-jeditable.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/get-load.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.green.less.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/hr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/LevelComparator.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should not move in himself.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ruler_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldValueOption.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/ja.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/popups/add-iteration-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/obsoletemediumko.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/CustomFieldValuesController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionProcessingService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/js.includes.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/dropdown_list.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseImportance.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/conf/felix.config.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/ContainerIdNameStartParameterCallback.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Campaign_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/StringPathMapTest.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/report/std/service/ReportService.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/ColumnPrototype.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/cake.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectFilterModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/BugTrackerBinding.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/UrlUtils.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/hiddenfield.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasOverlay.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/CustomFieldVariousIT.sandbox.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find requirements by categories.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/image2/assets/image1.jpg.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementMergerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/rich-jeditable.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/cy.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/WorksheetDefTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/bugtracker-core-context-IT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/CampaignLibraryTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/logo_squash.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/heart_half.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.confirmdialog.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomParameterDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/validation/validator/CustomFieldHasDefaultAsRequiredValidatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/ChartDataFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/LiberalBooleanCellCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/tr.js.i
data/distribution/src/main/liquibase/distribution.changelog-upgrade-to-0.20.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/VerifyingTestCaseManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationTestPlanManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/work_in_progress.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/TestAutomationExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jasmine-2.0.0/console.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/DatasetTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/input/ok.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/oer-main-page.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/hi.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/VerifiedRequirement.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/planning/WorkloadCalendar.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_cccccc_1x100.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should not move in himself.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/smiley_yell.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/NodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsonInfoListBuilder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementImporterIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignLibraryModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.ciParser.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/hr.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_TestCase_on.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.automatedtesting.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/automatest/jenkins/TestAutomationJenkinsConnector.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/get-load.tag.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/commondomain/CommonProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/ku.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomDenormalizedFieldValueDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.blue-green.css.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/CustomReportFolder.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/spi/BugTrackerInterfaceDescriptor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignLibraryModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/arrow_undo.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.should have two steps.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/jpql/package-info.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/tounge_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_move_forwards.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-cases-management/parameters/DatasetsTable.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/AnnotatedPropertyObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/popups/add-campaign-popup.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/JsonHelperTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/EntityDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/AdministrationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseType.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste campaigns with iterations.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseImportanceTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/collection/DefaultPaging.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_menu-bar.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/CustomRequirementModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.placeheld.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/project-info/workspace-wizard-tab.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/error.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-libraries/show-campaign.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/IterationModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/style.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ui_combo_box.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/ws/squashtm.projectfilter.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/BridgeSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementWorkspaceController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/cog.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-manager/NewCustomFieldPanelView.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CustomCampaignModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-cases-management/parameters/NewDatasetsDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/testcase-script-elt-structure.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.should have two steps.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_align_right.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirement-libraries/show-requirement.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/infolist/DenormalizedInfoListItemFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/views/chartView.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.testautomation.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableMapperPagingAndSortingAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/IterationModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/RequirementLibraryDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.php.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/authentication/accessDenied.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/jdbc/DerivedPermissionsManagerIT.setup.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-cases/edit-test-case.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/security-context.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/decorate-ajax-table.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_milestone_multi_bind.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/htmlwriter/assets/outputforflash/swfobject.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/AdministrableProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementTestCaseLinkParser.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/smiley_slim.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/NamedQueryEntityFinderHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/IterationDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementStatusTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/parameters/ParametersDataTableModelHelper.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/conf/services/org.squashtest.csp.tm.hibernate.config.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_45_2b2b2b_1x100.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementModification.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/def_cat_security.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfields/CustomFieldJsonConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/cross_shield_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/JsonHelper.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/RequirementAuditEventTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DummyManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/error.jsp.i
data/core/integration-tests/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/cs.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/RequirementLibraryTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/nl.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/verified-requirements-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/AutomatedSuiteOverview.js.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/templates/jsp-templates.xml.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/spi/exceptions/UnknownConnectorKind.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementFolderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/da.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/TreeNode.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Requirement_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/issues/bugtracker-panel-empty.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/Filter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirements/requirement-version-editor.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldValueFinderService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomCampaignModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseBridgeModifiedOn.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/about/dialogs/logo_ckeditor.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.plugin.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_gloss-wave_55_5c9ccc_500x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/SimpleCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/ConstraintViolationHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-suites/test-suite.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/GenericSimpleEntryConverter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_TestCase_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/ja.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAdministrationDaoIT.should return administration statistics.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/CannotMoveNodeException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/Storage.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/UserContextService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/group.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/ko.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.executionPlusDenormalizedFields.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-1.5.2.min.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-test-suite-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirement-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_double.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/fr-ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/RequirementAuditEventTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/anchor.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_flat_55_999999_40x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/adapters/jquery.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-cases/edit-test-case.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/administration/welcome-message-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_width.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_txt.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.13.1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/advanced-search-input.js.i
data/osgi-integration-tests/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tool/osgitests/OsgiIntegrationTest.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/PrimitiveTypeUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/thread/TestAutomationTaskExecutorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/connect.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Version.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_2b2b2b_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/popups/lolmode.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomFieldBindingModificationService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/StubRequirementDao.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/Couple.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/CHANGES.md.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/configuration/ConfigurationService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/jquery.ui.datepicker-fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseNature.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/DeleteEntityHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/uk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/nl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/test-suite-statistics-panel.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/dialog_sides.gif.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/factory/DynamicDaoFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/si.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_side_boxes.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementLargePropertyChangeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.cursor.min.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/core/core.changelog-upgrade-to-1.4.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.mobile.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.8.1.result.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/bs.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.wine.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/emoticon_tongue.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/icons/hidpi/image.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.orange.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/dialog_sides.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/Report.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/search-panel-by-requirement.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/rename-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/icons/docprops-rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/campaign-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/batchimport/excel/ColumnMismatch.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/milestone/MilestoneTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/InconsistentDateFormatException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/testcase-script-elt-code.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/operations/TreeNodeCopier.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/dialog_ie7.css.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-ui-1.8.4.custom.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/attachment/AttachmentHolder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/NamedQueryLookupException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/css.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icone_iteration.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/adobeair/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/users/PartyControllerSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/project/CustomProjectTemplateManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/params-bindings.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/execution-progression-view0_campaign.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/event/RequirementAuditor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/tt.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/toolbar_start.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/linkable-campaign-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/female.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/da.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/tr.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.should retrieve acl group user.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_word.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateObjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestCaseDao.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/definition/Attachment.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/TestCaseFolderIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestStepViewBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Project.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceIT.should not find exec step cause no step for tester.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-suite-page.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ReportServiceIT.should generate list of ReqCoverageByTestProjectDto.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.less.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CampaignFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/disk.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/sq.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/decorate-buttons.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/axisStepView.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/CustomReportTreeDefinition.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-values/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/AdvancedSearchMilestoneModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/keyboard.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/counter_stop.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/UploadProgressListener.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find names in -- starting with.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/television.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/no.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/AuthenticatedUser.java.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/TCLNAfterAttach.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/error-message.tag.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/jasperreports/requirement-coverage_requirements.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/jquery.ui.datepicker-de.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/de.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/UserDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should try to resume and not find execution step because test plan empty.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreationEventPublisherAspect.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/test/groovy/test/java/util/concurrent/locks/ReadWriteLockExploratoryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/denormalizedField/PrivateDenormalizedFieldValueService.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCoverageStat.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_glass_45_750021_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/tree-picker-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementNodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/anchor.png.i
data/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone.wreqr.min.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/issue-table-execstep.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/CustomPermissionFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/verifying-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/CustomFieldBindingModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/book_addresses.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/Team.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drink.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/search-tree-conf/w-campaign-conf.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/UserAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/team-editor/TeamPermissionPanel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/help.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.ohlcRenderer.js.i
data/provision/pom.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/CategoryPreparationPhase.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/InvalidCampaignDateException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/PseudoTestCase.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.json2.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/toolbar/toolbar.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CRLNCopier.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementVersionManagerController.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisExceptionConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/report/jquery.squash.projectpicker.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/LevelLabelFormatterWithoutOrder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_workspace-button-bugtracker.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/requirement/LinkedRequirementsManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/money_euro.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/af.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_film.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestStepVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/sprites_ie6.png.i
data/build.sh.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/jquery.ui.datepicker-fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_indent.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/SimpleCampaignExportCSVModelImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/CustomPermission.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/broken_heart.gif.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/LICENSE.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_italic.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/PseudoDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/SearchInterfaceDescriptionTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste iterations with testSuites containing CUF.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryTreeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/attachment/Attachment.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Red.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/authentication/login.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/sprites.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/export-requirement-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/PathUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ui_text_field_hidden.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/verified-requirements-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/ArrayIdsCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/jsp/tags/JQueryTabsHeader.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/NoBugTrackerBindingException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableDrawParametersTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ExecutionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/tree-page-layout.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/unitils.properties.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Severity.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datatables/jquery.dataTables.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/editor_ie7.css.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/web/authentication/RedirectEntryPoint.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/stylesheetparser/plugin.js.i
data/core/launcher/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/launcher/ihm/Starter.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/cy.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/VerifiedRequirementsManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/CustomField.java.i
data/.mvn/extensions.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/AdministratorAuthenticationService.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/Form.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/report/std/query/ExecutionProgressQueryAdapter.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasAxisLabelRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_lightning.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomCustomReportChartBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.wine.css.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/flash/images/placeholder.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/bugtrackers/show-bugtrackers.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/requirejsWorker/worker.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/typography.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/project/CustomGenericProjectManagerImplTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find requirements by criticalities.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/home-workspace.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/UnknownEntityException.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/report/ReportCategory.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/servlet/handler/SecurityExpressionEvaluatorExposerInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/brown_paper.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/to_be_updatedvery_highko.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-workspace/show-call-step-manager.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/folder.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/collection/Paging.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/conf/services/org.squashtest.csp.tm.reporting.contentdisposition.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/report-inputs/checkbox.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/widgets.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_padding_top.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/testautomation/testcase-script-elt-structure.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/counter_count.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.trendline.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomMilestoneDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/authentication/HttpSessionRequestCacheWithExceptions.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateMilestoneBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/lv.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/export/RowImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/DriveNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/VerifiedRequirementActionSummaryBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/spi/OslcBugTrackerConnector.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/lang/PrimitiveTypeUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/Copiable.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/tm-ta-context.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-1.5.2-dev.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/CustomTestStepModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/project-tabs/plugins-tab.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/squashtable.collapser.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseLibraryNodeDaoIT.should not find test case by path.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/FetchTestListBuildProcessorTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_doc.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/strategy/CampaignLibrarySelectionStrategyImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/customSecurity/StubCustomUserContextService.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/obsoletevery_highok.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/where/AtWhereSpecification.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIterationDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/NewTestAutomationServer.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.11.0.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.grey.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ReportService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestStepUpdateFormModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/nullpx.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/mantisconnect-1.2.9.wsdl.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomFieldDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Red.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/main.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/OptimisticTestList.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_warning-notification-area.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/throbber.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/emoticon_smile.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/cd.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/NotAutomatedExecutionException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/RenderingLocation.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/info-page-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/resource/Resource.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/popups/delete-node-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/execution/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/DelegatingEntityManagerFactoryAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon_wizard.gif.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/DelegatePagingAndMultiSorting.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/edit-folder.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/accept_blue.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/service/InsecureTestAutomationManagementService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/CustomTestCaseFinder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAdministrationDaoIT.should return administration statistics.xml.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/conf/services/squash-jetty.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/MilestoneImportHelper.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Campaign_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-table-execstep.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/iteration-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibrary.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/jasperreports/execution-progression-view0_campaign.jrxml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/confused_smile.gif.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/background.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/RequirementAuditTrailController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste requirement versions with cuf.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/tasks/FetchTestListTaskTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/Dataset.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/it.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Home_off.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/requirements/edit-requirement.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_view_detail.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/grid_dot.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_text_image.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/music_beam.png.i
data/tm/config/src/main/resources/services/tm.testautomation.conf.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/InsecureTestAutomationManagementService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/ReportRequirementCoverageByTests.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/safe.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementExtractor.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/service/PropertiesBugTrackerFactoryBeanTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceIT.should not find exec step cause no item.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/typeStepView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/attach_2.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/VerifiedRequirementsManagerControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sr-latn.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/CustomMethodHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/InfoList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/pin.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/docprops/docprops.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find execution step because there is none.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/TeamModificationServiceIT.should not persist team homonyme.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/ProjectVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/workspace/showFolder.html.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.1.0.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/CustomReportLibraryNodeIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/HierarchyCreatorTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/indicator.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/car.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/mouse.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseModificationServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionStepDataTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/IterationNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/AuditLogInterceptor.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_rar.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/ParameterDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/RequirementNodeDeletionHandlerIT.should cascade delete.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/report-issue-popup/jquery.oslc-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.enhancedLegendRenderer.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/controller/authentication/LoginLogoutController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/StubRequirementDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/config.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerBugTrackerRemoteException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/call-step-tree.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/specialchar.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/tag_blue.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/attachment/AttachmentHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/UsesANamedQueryInPackageInfoOrElsewhere.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/coercers/CLNAndParentIdsCoercerForList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/plugin.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_flat_100_ffffff_40x100.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/ThreadLocalBugTrackerContextHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerDomainExceptionResolver.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/campaign/CampaignTestCaseSuccessRateStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/repository/TestAutomationProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/SubQueryBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree/common-conf.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/ItemList.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/VerifyingTestCaseManagerControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseNature.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/service/dependencies-scan-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerGenericValidation.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/init-actions.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/Project.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sport_golf.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CyclicStepCallException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignStatisticsServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/PropertyHolderFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/divarea/divarea.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/static/test-case_import_template_xls.xls.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/InstructionBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/SearchInterfaceDescription.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/RequirementVersionCoverage.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/config.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/reporting_chart.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/money.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_aling_top.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/textarea.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/general-information-panel.tag.i
data/plugins/plugin.automatedtesting.jenkins/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/select-jeditable.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/TestCaseLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/ScopePlannerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree-conf/jstree-dnd-customreport-override.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/StringPathMap.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/hu.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/report/std/StdReportConfig.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.13.3.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/editor_gecko.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/PassThroughIdCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/attachment/AttachmentManagerController.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/hibernate/PagingUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/plaing_card.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/MilestoneManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCase.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_view_gallery.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestCaseAlreadyInTestPlanException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_cup.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBoundEntityDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to same project-result.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/MilestoneManagerAsProjectLeaderServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/readme.md.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/BTIssueDecorator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/et.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step cause no step.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/search-result-display-ordered.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/model/SuiteExecutionConfiguration.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/step-information-fragment.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteModificationServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/IterationNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-cases-dashboard/test-cases-dashboard-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/iteration/TestSuiteTestInventoryStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-workspace/CampaignTreePanelView.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/bugtracker/BugTrackersLocalServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TreeNodeCopier.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/foundation/collection/CollectionSorting.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/testadvisor/toolbar-builder.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/database.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/book_next.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/chart/ChartController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/database.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/contextual-content-handlers/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/cy.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/TestCaseLibraryMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedTestDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ro.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/SessionFieldBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/security/SquashUserDetailsManagerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/authentication/AccessDeniedController.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/key.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/RequirementViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/report.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Raccourcis_Ok-26.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomFieldDao.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/ItemListModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/TestSuiteModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CopyPasteObsoleteException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/users/CustomTeamModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/gu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/NewCustomField.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/ActivePartyDetector.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/pastefromword/filter/default.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/core/core.changelog-upgrade-to-0.20.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/spring/CompositeDelegatingParameterNameDiscovererTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/hu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/fi.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/squashtm/testautomation/internal/service/TestAutomationService.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseImportanceLabelFormatter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.mobile.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/TestSuite.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/UserDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_get.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/projects/project-info.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/test-suite-execution-button.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCasePathEdge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/ConstraintViolationHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/templates/navbar.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/ProjectUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablefilter/Child.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/uicolor.gif.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Parameter.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.jeditable.ext.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDeletionDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/tableMultipleDnD.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseImportanceManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletable.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/campaigns/edit-campaign.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/milestone-mass-modif-popup.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/service/DataFilteringServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/cry_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationProject.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-libraries/show-campaign.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/RequirementExcelExporterIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/lock_unlock.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/LockedFolderInferenceTree.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.purple.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateExecutionDaoIT.should find executions by test case.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_flat_75_aaaaaa_40x100.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationServerManagerServiceIT.bound.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/TestPlanItemNotExecutableException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/requirement/CopyPasteObsoleteException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/infolist/InfoListAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/init-wizards.tag.i
data/database/src/it/script/VerifyPostgreChangelogs.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/ieo-fragment-step-information.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/NodeData.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomCustomFieldBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_key.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/services/UnsupportedFormatException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/configurations/welcome-message-workspace.jsp.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/annotation/InheritsAcls.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/attachment-display.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/openXML/jszip-inflate.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/icons/hidpi/mathjax.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasAxisTickRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/icons.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/operations/general-handler.js.i
data/core/core.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/testautomation/execution/dto/package-info.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomTestSuiteDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerLocalException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/ColumnPrototypeModification.dataset.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/RequirementAlreadyVerifiedException.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/beans/JobList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_ruby.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-ui-timepicker-addon.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/library/AdvancedSearchServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/NewProjectFromTemplateDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/hr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/issues/bugtracker-nav-button.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/DoNotFilterSoftDeleted.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/CheckboxEntryConverter.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find requirements by criticalities.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/resources/i18n/messages.properties.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/combo/OptionTag.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/vi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/attach.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/IterationTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/work_in_progressvery_highok.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/PasswordChangeFailedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/ReflectionFieldSetter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/cross_octagon.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ko.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_form.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/he.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.executionPlusSteps.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.6.0.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.4.1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/work_in_progresslowko.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/contextual-report.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_view_list.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CampaignFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/emoticon_evilgrin.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.ohlcRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/1license.txt.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/LibraryTreeNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ja.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.should disassociate from two item test plan and remove two.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/import/attachment-success.jsp.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_word.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_45_2b2b2b_1x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/remoteapi/execution/dto/ExecutionStatus.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectModificationServiceIT.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionProcessingServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/CampaignLibrarySelectionStrategyImpl.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_flat_55_fbec88_40x100.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_rar.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/report-panel.html.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-credentials-popup.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sr-latn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SetQueryParametersCallback.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/TestStepMappingIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/bugtracker/BugTrackerLocalServiceIT.execution-step-setup.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.1.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.grey.less.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/attachment-manager-fragment.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletable.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/bn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_view_xp.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionModificationServiceIT update Item Plan with last execution data.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationServer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/fi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/execute-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/campaign/IterationTestInventoryStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_ruby.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/magnet.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/SecurityExpressionResolverExposerInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/BugTrackerDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ms.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/ProjectsManager.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNode.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementModificationServiceIT.should change requirement reference.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/coercers/TCLNAndParentIdsCoercerForArray.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/filter/EnumServletContextExposer.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseExecutionMode.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/kiss.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/execution-processing/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementAuditEventVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.oneshotdialog.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/access/Anybody.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/core/messages_en.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/TargetFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/projectfilter/ProjectFilter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Search_Perimeter.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_CUF.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/ug.js.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/formatter/javascript-formatter.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/BugTrackerContext.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_paste.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletableMixin.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/chart/JsonChartInstance.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerBindingDao.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.1-core-user-project-manager.sql.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/OslcBugtrackerConnectorAdapter.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.form.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestStepVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/copyright.txt.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/HierarchyCreator.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/radio.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/PlannedJoin.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/link/images/anchor.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldValueManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/IdentifiedReportDecorator.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomReportLibraryNodeServiceIT.sandboxCopyNode.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/AdvancedSearchServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_TestCase_on.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/filter/HtmlSanitizationFilter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/VerifiedRequirementsManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/IterationTestPlanItemDao.test plan with suite.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/RequirementLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestAutomationProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseImportanceLabelFormatterTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/main-menubar.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/lv.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/TestCaseLibraryTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/test/resources/test-log4j.properties.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Parameter.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/noimage.png.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/api/repository/TemplateNamedParamsExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Raccourcis_Final State-26.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_jpg.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDao.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/CheckBuildQueueTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementHierarchyCreator.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/project/ProjectTemplateManagerIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/no.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.fg.menu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone-1.0.0.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/is.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/OAuth2ClientService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/infos/PrerequisitePanel.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomIterationModificationService.java.i
data/README.md.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/datejs/date-de.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/chart_cumulative.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-suite-management/test-plan-panel/tp-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layout_split.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/SingleSelectField.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/importer/TestCaseImportLogController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_excel_csv.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/skin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/clipboard_sign.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/RequirementVerifierView.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/requirement-version-audit-trail.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/trophy_bronze.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationTestDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/clipboard_text.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.highlighter.min.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h1.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/init-actions.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone-validation-amd.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIssueDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomFieldDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/CellValueCoercerRepository.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/audit/AuditableSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/atelier-forest.light.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceID.should copy tc with steps and cufs.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_wrench.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_text.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/IssueDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/TestPlanStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/internal/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_init_workspace_variables.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/GenericFolderModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.BezierCurveRenderer.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablefilter/SoftDeleteAssociationTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/TreeNodeType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/tc-treemenu.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/spi/NotFoundException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/importer/ImportSummary.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/GatherTestList.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/CallTestStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.blockRenderer.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/scayt/dialogs/options.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_word.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/camp-search-result-ordered.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_milestone_ok.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/control_equalizer.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/MilestoneBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/testautomation/MalformedScriptPathException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/zones.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should not move in himself.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/fonts/fonts.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/SearchService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.datepicker.js.i
data/core/core.jetty.boot.felix42.fragment/src/main/java/org/eclipse/jetty/osgi/boot/utils/BundleClassLoaderHelperImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/UserModificationServiceIT.should associate user to team.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/ChangedProperty.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/assets/inlineall/logo.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/LibraryContentRepository.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/event/StatusBasedRequirementAuditor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement_Security.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/LibraryTreeNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/batchimport/testcase/ignored-headers.xlsx.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementFolderModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/project-info/automation-panel.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/skin.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/infrastructure/hibernate/package-info.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/IllegalRequirementModificationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/Model.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/urlrewrite.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/GraphNode.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/DbunitServiceSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/nl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-libraries/show-campaign.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/slide.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_tile_vertical.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/issue-credentials-popup.tag.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/bin/squash_debiant_readme.txt.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CampaignLibrariesCrudServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/toolbar_start.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Campaign_off.png.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/SortingUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/project/project-no-cuf-exists.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.xml.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/spi/AdvancedBugTrackerConnectorProvider.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/oslcdomain/OslcIssue.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/UnreadableResponseException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/datatables/column-definition.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.hotkeys-0.8.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/library/WorkspaceService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/fileupload/UploadProgressListenerUtils.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/user-account-password-popup.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/TreeNodeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/xml/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/tab.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/rendering/charts-render-main.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fa.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/UtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CascadingAutoDateComparatorBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/requirement/excel/RequirementExcelBatchImporter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/test-plan-panel/tp-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirement-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/icon-text-button-override.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/basic-objects/refresh-button.js.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/i18n/LabelledTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ka.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.ciParser.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/dialog.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/IterationTestPlanManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sort_disable.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasAxisLabelRenderer.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/is.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/java/lang/generics/GenericSubclassTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/StubPermissionEvaluator.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-case-statistics/importance-pie.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementVersionManagerServiceIT.should fail to rename a requirement because duplicated name.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignStatisticsBundle.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressTestPlanDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchIndexMonitoringForTestcases.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/dto/ReqCoverageByTestProjectDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/User.java.i
data/core/core.api/.groovy/suggestions.xdsl.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/automatest/spi/exceptions/AccessDenied.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DummyManager.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/annotation/AclConstrainedObject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/main.js.i
data/core/launcher/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/launcher/ihm/window/SimpleWindow.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseAutomationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/FormToCriteriaConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/FolderSupportTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/dialog_sides_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/users/TeamController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/dialog_ie.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/ReportCategory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Green.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/ug.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/tt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/jquery.squashtm.tableDnD.ext.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/repository/SqlQueryRunner.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/pin.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/add-attachment-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_italic.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/km.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/IssueDetector.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MetaMilestone.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages_de.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/audit/RequirementAuditTrailServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationTestPlanFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/selection.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drive_cd_empty.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/event/StatusBasedRequirementAuditorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/search/bridge/LevelEnumBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/copyright.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/database.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/en-au.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/stylesheetparser/assets/sample.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementStatusComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/eu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_align_justify.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/SearchServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/ReportViewServletContextInitializerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/chart_organisation.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/BuildDef.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ipod_cast.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/hu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bookmark_folder.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-case-statistics/bound-requirements-pie.js.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/i18n/Internationalizable.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletableSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_flip_vertical.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/planning/planning-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseModificationController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedExecutionExtenderDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/lt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/et.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h3.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/rest/TestCaseRestController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldHolder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.tc_hierarchy_cascade_delete.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementFolderDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/icons/docprops.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/repository-context.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/pom.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jstree.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/CustomFieldDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/coercers/TCLNAndParentIdsCoercerForList.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/CustomMethodHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/TestCaseImportanceManagerForRequirementDeletion.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/mn.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.7.0.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SetFolderIdParameter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/heart.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationServerDao.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/DenormalizedInfoList.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestAutomationFinderService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementLibraryDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/PermissionsUtils.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/StubPermissionEvaluator.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/query/UnsupportedFlavorException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/jquery.ui.datepicker-fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/fa.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/jdbc/DerivedPermissionsManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/filter/IE8AcceptHeaderFixerFilter.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/jasperreports/execution-progression_campaign.jrxml.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/java/org/plugin/workspacewizard/test/TestCaseCreatorWizard.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseImportance.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/services/javax.validation.spi.ValidationProvider.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/security/ObjectIdentityServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/images/hiddenfield.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_move_backwards.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/META-INF/spring/bugtracker-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/ieo-toolbox.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/AbstractLibraryNavigationServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.pack.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tlds/json.tld.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/PartyProjectPermissionsBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/iteration/IterationProgressionStatistics.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/domain/InheritableAclsObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/ReportDefinition.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/WhichNodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/ChartType.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/StubRequirementDao.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/ListOfEntitiesFinderNamedQueryHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/calling-test-cases-panel.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_php5.php.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.js.d
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/hql/Owner.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/tasks/TestAutomationConnectorTask.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseModificationController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h1.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearchServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AutomatedSuiteDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/print-test-case.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/NativeMethodFromJpaRepository.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should try to resume and find execution step through old execution.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move reqs to project with cufs.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/umbrella.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/JobList.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/autogrow/plugin.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/filter/Child.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/email.png.i
data/core/core.jasperreport.fragment/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/VerifiedRequirementsManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/weather_clouds.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-suites/test-suite-execution-button.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/ms.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/StepFuture.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/lv.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/iframe-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/TestSuiteModificationController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/popup.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDaoIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/validation/validator/UniqueListItemsValidator.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/resources/softdelete-association/softdelete-hibernate.cfg.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/OptionAlreadyExistException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/NotAutomatedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_view_icons.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_InfoList.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseImportanceManagerService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicdao/NoSuperclassDummyDao.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/advanceddomain/Field.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/CUFBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_resize.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/image_1.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateInfoListDao.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/resources/META-INF/i18n/testwizards.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_strikethrough.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/user_thief.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/pom.xml.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/security/AclPermissionEvaluationServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/AuditLogInterceptorTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.service/template.mf.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAttachmentContentDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseCallTreeFinderIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/config-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drive_link.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/TestAutomationConnector.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementAuditor.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldValueDaoIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/components.less.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-user-active.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Category.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/audit/AuditableMixinAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/java/lang/generics/GenericSuperclass.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/deletion/AffectedEntitiesPreviewReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages_fr.properties.orig.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/BugTrackerContextHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/search-result-display-ordered.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jstree/JsTreeNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/AdvancedSearchExportController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bell.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_aling_middle.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/jquery.squash.projectpicker.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/test-case-verified-requirement-bloc.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/jpql/QuerydslStringExtentionTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/attachments16x16.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace/show-campaign.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/IterationTestPlanManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/project/GenericToAdministrableProject.java.i
data/dependencies/spock-test-dependencies/pom.xml.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/mantis/MantisConnectorProvider.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/add-attachment-popup.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/uk.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/service/BugTrackerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/openedentity/CampaignViewInterceptor.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/squashtest.csp.core-servlet.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/tt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/id.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.orig.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/spi/UnreadableResponseException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateExecutionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/CustomFieldController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/edit-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-workspace/CampaignWizardMenu.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/attachment/Attachable.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/servlet/handler/AuthenticationSuccessCallbacksHandler.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDaoTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldHolder.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/api/repository/QueryExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/users/user-permission-table.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/service/BugTrackersServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-case-workspace/tc-tree-popups.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/tm/validation/constraint/UniqueItems.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/TestAutomationServerManagementAdminController.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/CheckBuildRunning.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseLibrariesCrudServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/tmpFrameset.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/milestone/CustomMilestoneManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableFiltering.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.mekkoRenderer.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find distinct ids of test cases called by several test cases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/NotDeletableException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drive_cd.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/BoundEntity.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/persistent-repository.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/rich-jeditable.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/VerifiedRequirementsManagerService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.jetty.start.osgi/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/jetty/start/osgi/Activator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_kerning.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.jstree.ext.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementMerger.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.should find object Identity for project.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/adobeair/plugin.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find test cases by requirement categories.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.datepicker.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/isIE.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_edit.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/steps-verified-requirements-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/datepicker.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementModificationEventPublisherAspectTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/users/UserAccountController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/TestCaseInstructionBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/fileupload/UploadProgress.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/testautomation/service/TestAutomationService.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/users/user-account.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/mini.gif.i
data/fix-versions.sh.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/administration.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_bmp.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/README_DEV.md.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/test/java/org/squashtest/tm/wizards/test/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/Project.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/tablemodels/TestCaseSearchResultDataTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestSuiteTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/execution-dialog-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.validate.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/dummy.txt.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AttachmentDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/NodeRenaming.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/workspace/showLibrary.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/IterationTestPlanManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/sq.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DeleteEntityHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/UserAccountService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.mini.authored.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/TestSuiteExecutionController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/basic-objects/table-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/IssueOwnershipFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/color_swatch_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/gu.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryGraph.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersion.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/BugTrackerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImpl.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/query/hibernate/ReportCriterion.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/CustomTeamModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/charts/QueryPlan.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/resource/RequirementVersionDescriptionBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/infolist/InfoListItemFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/arrow_divide.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should return list of executions.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Folder_16.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sum_2.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/dialog_sides.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/impl/ZipReader.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-folder-management/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/hammer.png.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/CLNAfterAttach.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestCaseDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/project-info/project-info-manager.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/SheetCorruptedException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to same project f+c-result.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/EmptyTestSuiteTestPlanException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.should copy-paste 2 TestSuites.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/ExcelTestCaseParserImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CampaignTestPlanManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/LibraryNavigationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementCategoryComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/FolderModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/DeletionDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/skin.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_escape.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/car.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomCustomReportLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/TestCaseSearchResultTable.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/verified-requirements-table.tag.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/query/ReportQueryFlavor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/th.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/AttributeRegister.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/IssueAlreadyBoundException.java.i
data/core/core.jetty.boot.felix42.fragment/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/VerificationCriterionTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedSuiteDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomCustomReportDashboardDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CustomTestSuiteModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/counter.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/basespecs/HibernateServiceSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/wizard/axisStep.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/LevelComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldValueDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drive_rename.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirements/show-verifying-testcase-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bandaid.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/CustomDbunitServiceSpecification.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/StubPermissionFactory.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.4.0.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/ExcludeRequestInterceptorWrapperTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/controller/authentication/AccessDeniedController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.external caller test case.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-tm-servlet.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/event/StatusBasedRequirementAuditor.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/yui.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project and remove issues-result.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-bugtracker.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_75_d0e5f5_1x400.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to same project f+c.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/attachmentsBlack16x16.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/PseudoRequirement.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/th.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone-0.9.2-min.js.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/PathUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerManagerException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/static/test-case_import_template_zip_de.xlsx.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to other project.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/feed_ballon.png.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/internal/tasks/FetchTestListTask.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/InputDefinition.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/attachment-display.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/wall.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStatusTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation-servers-manager.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/campaign/CampaignStatisticsServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/linkables-tree.tag.i
data/core/launcher/pom.xml.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/QueryParam.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bookmark.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_subscript.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CustomIterationModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/thread/FetchTestListFuture.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/filter/UserConcurrentRequestLockFilterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignExportCSVModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/report/MilestonePickerPopup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tick_green.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.cookie.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseFolderModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/bs.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/search/RequirementSearchParams.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ui_text_field_hidden.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/SimpleBugtrackerConnectorAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/DatasetParamValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/report-type-image.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/sprites.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/audit/AuditableSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestThirdPartyServer.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIssueDaoIT.should return sorted issues.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/ReportTypeProgressFollowUp.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/Execution.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_dddddd_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/TestCaseTarget.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/authentication/LoginFormDiscardingHttpSessionRequestCache.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_avi.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/EntityDaoIT.should find a list of entity.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicDaoFactoryBeanTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/it.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/tt.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_test_version_number_ko.xlsx.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shading.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/ExecutionHasNoStepsException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionDaoIT.should count requirements verified by list of test cases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/TeamDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-suite-management/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation/TestAutomationPicker.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/embaressed_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseImportanceTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/MilestonePicker.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestStepDaoIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/UserModificationServiceIT.should find sorted associated teams.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_put.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-libraries/show-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/smiley_confuse.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/StubUserContextService.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/ExecutionHasNoStepsException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanManager.should link test plan to test Suite.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/config-context.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/ProjectPermission.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDeletionDaoIT_DISABLED.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/RepositoryConfig.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/wait.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/util/HTMLCleanupUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/user-editor/UserTeamsPanel.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/Utils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/i18n/InternationalizationHelper.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/legacy-ws-page.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/icons_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-treepopups-todelete/add-nameable-node-dialog.tag.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/CRLNBeforeDetach.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/require.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/uk.js.i
data/COPYING.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/tounge_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-cases/test-case-folder.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/README.md.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.10.5.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CampaignExportCSVFullModelImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/SquashSessionFactoryBeanTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/IterationTestPlanItem.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/link/dialogs/anchor.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/batchimport/excel/WorksheetMismatch.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.create by path.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/RequirementFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tick_blue.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find requirement versions directly verified by a test case sorted by name.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.barRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/impl/ZipReader.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/monokai_sublime.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/JsonHelperTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_rtf.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/paraiso.light.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/infrastructure/StubBeanPostProcessor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDenormalizedFieldValueDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/LibraryContentRepository.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerRemoteException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CampaignDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_f7a50c_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-suite-menu/TestSuiteModel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_world.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/user-editor/UserPermissionsPanel.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/wsc.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/DenormalizedNature.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/FilterModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/data.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/zh.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/squashtable.pagination.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/TreeLibraryNodeCopierTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/executions/ExecutionsTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/requirement-workspace.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/cart.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layers.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/users/PermissionGroupModel.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should find exec step through old exec.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/hql/Owner.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_spreadsheet.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/EntityType.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.13.5.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/AutomatedSuiteOverview.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementFolderDaoIT.should not retrieve deleted content.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/verified-requirements/VerifiedRequirementsTable.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.10.3.xml.i
data/core/core.wizard.api/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/target.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/folder.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/search/MilestoneMassModifData.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/TestCaseDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/FolderModificationService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/eo.js.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/MultiSorting.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/UsersGroupDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_ffffff_256x240.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/TestCaseMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/CompositeDomainException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/attachments/add-attachment-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/package.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/camp-workspace-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/utils/HTMLCleanupUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace-popups/standard-delete-node-popup.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/TeamModificationServiceIT.should not persist team homonyme.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/campaign/CampaignNonExecutedTestCaseImportanceStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementModificationEventPublisherAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-cases/show-verified-requirements-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestSuiteTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/CampaignViewInterceptor.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h5.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/servlet/handler/SecurityExpressionResolverExposerInterceptor.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/icons.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/BugTrackerEntityDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/ws/squashtm.notification.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/StepInstructionBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/users/UsersGroup.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIssueDaoIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ui_tab_disable.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.purple.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/validation/ValidatorFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/iteration-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_align_left.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchTagsFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/search-result-display-by-requirement.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/StubEntityDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/hibernate/RequirementCoverageByTestsQueryFactory.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.confirmdialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/control_start.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/id.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDaoIT.should count non folders 2.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/RequirementAuditTrailControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/search-panel.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-config.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/dialogs/smiley.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_view_columns.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasAxisLabelRenderer.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/BugTrackerBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/resources/softdelete/import.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/squash.handlebars.helpers.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/services/javax.validation.spi.ValidationProvider.i
data/core/core.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/InternationalizedMenuItemTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TCStatisticsService.importanceAndStatus.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/yui.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/VerificationCriterionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/arrow_merge.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move reqs to other project.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/report/std/messages.properties.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/query/hibernate/HibernateReportQuery.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/ckeditor-config.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/package-info.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/dialog_sides.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_flip_horizontal.png.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/ServiceAwareAttachmentTableModelHelper.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/StubPermissionFactory.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersion.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/MenuItem.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/wall_disable.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/wheel.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ValidationFacilityTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/monitor.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_put.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/workspace.contextual-content.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/highlighter.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/BuildAbsoluteId.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_stand.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/ImportSummaryImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/TestCaseImporterIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/plugin/EntityReference.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/config/application-mysql.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-plan-panel/exec-runner.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/AuthenticationManagerDelegator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/IdentifiedComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibrariesCrudService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/user_silhouette.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/home-workspace/welcome-message-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectsPermissionManagementService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/eu.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-suites/test-suite-test-plan-row.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/arrow_redo.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move reqs to other project.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/LockedFolderInferenceTreeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/filter/AtFilterTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jstree.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/TreeNode.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/api/repository/HibernateSqlQueryRunner.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/parameters/NewParameterDialog.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/_languages.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AdministrationDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryTreeTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project and keep issues.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/ajax/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/library/NotDeletableException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/project/GenericProjectController.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/FindAllByIdsHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerExceptionLogger.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.13.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/NodeData.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/ja.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/ja.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCategory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_move_front.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/heart_empty.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Home_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/AdministrationStatistics.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.8.0.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ExecutionModificationServiceDbunitIT update Item Plan with last execution data.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/requirement/RequirementVerifierView.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/thread/TestAutomationTaskExecutor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/Campaign.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/smiley_cool.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should count versions of requirement.xml.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-0.19.0-test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablewhere/SoftDeleteAssociationTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-ui-1.8.13.all.dev.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementCriticalityComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicdao/DummyDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestAutomationConnectorRegistry.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchTimeIntervalFieldModel.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_common-script-import.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/print.less.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/hr.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/attach_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/SelectJEditable.js.i
data/core/core.testautomation.api/pom.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/where/Child.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project and keep issues.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_TestCase_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-campaign-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/checkbox.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/nl.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/core/messages.properties.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/CustomReportNodeType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerMaxUploadSizeExceptionResolver.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/customField/CustomCustomFieldManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/messagebox_error.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/control_play.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/sprites.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_padding_right.png.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/settings/org.eclipse.wst.jsdt.core.prefs.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/ParametersBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/persistent-repository-config.properties.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedSuite.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/DeletableNodeData.java.i
data/provision/new_report.rptdesign.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/dialog/dialogDefinition.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/it.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/VerifiedRequirement.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/LICENSE.md.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-step-verified-requirement-table.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_0078ae_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/test-case-header.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/IterationViewTestPlanTableModelHelper.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/xml/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/project-manager.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/search/RequirementSearchCriteriaAdapterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/BindableEntityMismatchException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/clock.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/library/LibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestExecutionStep.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_code.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/test-suite-execution-button.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/webcam.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/execution-information-panel.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SetQueryParametersCallback.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/charts/customReportTrendView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/test/java/util/concurrent/locks/ReadWriteLockExploratoryTest_DISABLED.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jasmine-2.0.0/jasmine.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldModelIdTypeResolver.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionImportMemento.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/chartWizardModel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/TestCaseLibraryTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-0.19.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/uk.js.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/AutomatedTestProjectManagementService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomTestSuiteModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/thymeleaf/processor/attr/SquashIso8601DateAttrProcessor.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/thumbs_down.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/SearchService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bin_closed.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/CompositeException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/ImportanceSortHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/config/SquashFeatureController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignFolderModificationController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/collection/Sorting.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignTestPlanManagerServiceImplIT.should add to test plan a test case already in test plan.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/atelier-lakeside.light.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectModificationService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/IssueOwnership.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/CallTestStepMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/angel_smile.gif.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/is.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/GenericProjectDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bookmark_book_open.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceIT.should not find exec step cause no item for tester.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/query/hibernate/HibernateReportQuery.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationSuite.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/it/resources/ReloadableSquashTmMessageSourceIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/BugTrackerMixin.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/wall_brick.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomCustomReportFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/input/cancel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/search/bridge/LevelEnumBridgeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/IdCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/json/SquashModule.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldOption.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/services/AlreadyMappedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/attachments/attachment-tab.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceIT.should find exec step through new exec.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIterationDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/test/groovy/test/java/util/concurrent/locks/ReadWriteLockExploratoryTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/FindAllByIdListHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/star_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/customreport/CustomReportDashboardServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceIT.should copy-paste a TestSuite.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/ListOfTupleComponentsPicker.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TableCollapser.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/validation/constraint/UniqueItems.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/tree/TreeNodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/iterations-components/test-suite-managment.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectManagerService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementCoverageStat.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/milestones/milestone-panel.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/IndexModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/tree-picker-conf/common-conf.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/report/form/BasicInputDefinition.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/CallStepManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementCategoryComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor.override.css.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/accept.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/core/core.changelog-1.1.1.RELEASE.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/kiss.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_dbf575_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/OsgiServiceConstants.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/fr-ca.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_6da8d5_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/campaigns/campaign-milestone-dashboard.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/StubPermissionOnOddEntitiesEvaluationService.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.9.0-test.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/TestListElement.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_source.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/UploadProgressListenerUtils.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/access/SelectedNodePermission.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/user/UserAccountServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/util/PathUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/control_stop.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationCallbackService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Exec_Passed.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/es.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/IterationModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/no.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/attachment/AttachmentControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_menu-bar.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/VerifiedRequirementsManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/exclamation_octagon_fram.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/joystick.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/he.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseModificationServiceImplIT.should update a test step action.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/SystemInfoListItemCode.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/ParameterFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/_translationstatus.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugtrackerController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/StatusFactory.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BTControllerHelper.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_f9bd01_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/no.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/static/test-case_import_template_zip_de.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/config/application-postgresql.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/IllegalExecutionStatusException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/settings-project-filter-popup.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/view/ReportView.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-automation-servers-manager.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/sv.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/IterationFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ipod.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.grey.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/RequirementDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/provision/src/main/config/squashtest/jackrabbit-repository.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/TestCaseExcelExporterService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/brick.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationDao.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/wsc.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectFilterModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/step-information-menu.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/project/CustomProjectTemplateFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/editor_iequirks.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should delete exec and find exec step.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/util/ButtonUtil.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/he.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/TeamModificationServiceIT.should delete team having a core group.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/info-list/info-list-modification-table-view.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/WorkspaceService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/messagebox_confirm.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/indicator.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerTransactionSystemExceptionResolver.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksimpl/StartBuild.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layout_join_vertical.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/solarized_dark.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibrariesCrudService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.11.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sharedspace/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_vector.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/ProjectDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CompositeException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/servlet/HttpSessionLifecycleLogger.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/counter_reset.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/cry_smile.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/server.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_jpg.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/messages/execution-progression_fr.properties.i
data/integration-tests/pom.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/FetchTestListBuildProcessorTest.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/dto/ReqCoverageByTestStatType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_xml.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/ProjectDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find filtered steps by test case id.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/classic/throbber.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/steps-verified-requirements-table.tag.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-0.20.0.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/SearchController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/VerificationCriterionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/parameters/TestCaseDatasetsController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/execution-processing/jquery.ieo-toolbox.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/SingleSelectField.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/Library.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_CUF.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/ValueEditionStatusStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/listener/SquashConfigContextExposer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/bn.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/SpringDaoMetaAnnotationAspect.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/openedentity/TestSuiteViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/def_cat_security.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/rename-node-dialog.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.wine.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/LibraryTreeNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/ParameterModificationServiceIT.should find if parameter is used.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/mantis/MantisConnectorProvider.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SofDeleteBackwardCompatibilityIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/no.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/PseudoRequirementVersion.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/hue_thumb.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/LabelFormatter.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/jasperreports/execution-progression.jrxml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/iteration-auto-execution-button.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/dvd.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/dialog_sides.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteModificationService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/test-suite-execution-button.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/clipboard/dialogs/paste.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/README.md.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/specs/info-list-manager/InfoListOptionModelSpec.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/ProjectPermission.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ui_slider_1.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Status.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ImportMode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableDrawParameters.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree-conf/w-campaign-conf.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectFilterModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryTree.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressProjectDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/execution/ExecutionModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Case.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-verified-requirements-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseFolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.meterGaugeRenderer.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/iterations/iteration.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/TestCaseImportanceManagerForRequirementDeletion.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/mk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_glass_75_2b2b2b_1x400.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceIT.should create a suite with custom fields.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/fr-ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/about/dialogs/about.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/DatasetTarget.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/listner/HttpSessionListnerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/eo.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/opened-object.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-plan-table/table.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/plugins/tree-node.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/security/authentication/AuthenticationProviderFeatures.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/testutils/MockFactory.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should count requirements verified by list of test cases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_aling_left.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/it.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/IterationTestPlanItemDao.test plan without suite.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/cog.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/viewmapping/AtView.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/import-requirement-into-requirement.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/ku.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.report.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/CustomProjectTemplateFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/LibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Raccourcis_Active_State-26.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/zip/ZipCorruptedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomFieldBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/campaigns-dashboard/campaign-progression-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/NewRequirementVersionDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/hi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/about/dialogs/logo_ckeditor.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/CustomPermissionFactory.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/izpack/install.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/MeasureColumn.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dependencies-scan-context.xml.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/factory/AbstractDynamicComponentFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/EnumJeditableComboDataBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/openXML/jszip.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestStepsTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/AuditableBridgeModifiedBy.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseModificationServiceImplIT.should find test cases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/AbstractNodeDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationCallbackService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/FolderModificationController.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/hibernate/CampaignBelongToMilestone.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/tree-page-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/MilestoneBindingManagerService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/confused_smile.gif.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_217bc0_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/id.js.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/automatest/api/TestAutomationConnector.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/cs.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionCoverageDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/CodeAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/contents.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/selection_select.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/execution-page.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/nl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_LightGreen.png.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/access/AnyNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/TestSuiteDao.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/CheckboxInput.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/whatchutalkingabout_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/SheetCorruptedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/InfoListMixin.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionRunnerControllerHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/ReflectionMutatorSetter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/TestCaseImporter_HierarchyCreatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/fragments-utils/init-wizards.html.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/BTIssueDecorator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/CallingTestCasesTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/ru.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionExtenderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/a11yhelp.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.togglepanels.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignTestPlanItemTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/cross_shield.png.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/CheckboxesGroup.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/a11yhelp.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/noicon.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/testautomation/testcase-script-elt.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDatasetDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/emoticon_wink.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/multi_select.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/attachmentsWhite16x16.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/sr.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find called test cases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/VerifyingTestCaseManagerControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/CustomReportDashboardModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace/show-campaign-folder-dashboard.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/datatables/column-definition.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/FindByIdHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/WorkbookMetaDataTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_world.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/images/hidpi/lock-open.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/viewmapping/AtViews.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jquery/jquery-1.8.2.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/index.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/CustomTeamModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-suite-management/test-plan-panel/filtermode.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/infolist/InfoListDaoIT.findAll.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/icons/uicolor.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/tree-picker-conf/tp-testcase-conf.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/requirement/VerifiedRequirementsManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_illustrator.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-values/creation-popup-handler.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/popups/add-folder-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/charts/DomainGraph.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/traffic.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/jstree-header.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestProjectStub.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.14.0.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/attachment/AttachmentList.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/StubLookupStrategy.groovy.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/auth/auth.changelog-1.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/TestPlanTerminatedOrNoStepsException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/JsTreeHelperTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/pastefromword/filter/default.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/requirement-workspace/req-tree-menu.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignNodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/StdColumnDef.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/bureau.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasOverlay.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/GenericSimpleEntryConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/chart_pie.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/oauth2/Client.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-table-iter.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-cases/show-verified-requirements-manager.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/customfield/CustomFieldMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_star.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/AbstractRequirementEventPublisher.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/Assert.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ExecutionFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_convert.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/hammer_screwdriver.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/underscore/underscore-1.4.4-min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/cursor.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/IdentifiedUtil.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/IterationModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HasDefaultAsRequiredViolationHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IndexedIterationTestPlanItem.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/es.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/gulpfile.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/parameters/ParameterController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/medal_gold_1.png.i
data/osgi-integration-tests/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_access.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/tr.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/core/core.changelog-install-0.15.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/audit/RequirementAuditTrailService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/StringCellCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/datepicker-auto.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementFolderDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/nl.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseSearchCriteria.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.5.1.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/UppercaseUnderscoreNamingStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/es.js.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DummySuperclass.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/listener/DelegatingServletContextListenerMulticaster.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/ReportViewServletContextInitializerTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.oneshotdialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/test-suite-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/key.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/step-information-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/AbstractRequirementPropertyChangeEventBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/calculator.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/test-suite-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/hu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/user-account-password-popup.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementAuditEventDaoIT.should persist various events.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/project-components/automation-panel.tag.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/global.changelog-migration-test.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/datatables/column-definition.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/radio.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/popup/button.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/basespecs/DbunitServiceSpecification.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/icons.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.logAxisRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/select.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-cases-tabs/executions-tab.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/TestPlanTerminatedOrNoStepsException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_pre.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_inset-hard_100_ffffff_1x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/DatasetParamValueTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/PseudoRequirementVersion.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/simple-tree-conf/conf-factory.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/EntityDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.purple.less.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/emoticon_waii.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CampaignExportCSVModelImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/AdministrationService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move folder with requirements.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should count calling test steps.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Grey.png.i
data/core/core.jetty.boot.felix42.fragment/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_padding_left.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to same project at right position.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/DisabledSecuritySpecConfig.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/picker_mask.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/TestCaseImporterIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/NodeContainer.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/LibraryNodeUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/charts/DetailedChartDefinition.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.5.0.dtd.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/mantis/MantisExceptionConverter.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/criteria/Criteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/ModelTreeHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/project/CustomGenericProjectManagerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/init-actions.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/BugTrackerBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/popup-button.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/cs.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateExecutionStepDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Category.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/WrongStringSizeException.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/report/ReportView.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/attachments/attachment-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/SubRequirementRewiringTreeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/project/ProjectToolbar.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/AdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/sample.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/bugtracker/BugTrackerManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/BindableEntityTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/security/AclPermissionEvaluationService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDaoIT.should count non folders 3.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_edit.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/MainQueryPlannerIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/lt.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/event/StatusBasedRequirementAuditor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/attachment/RawAttachment.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/composite/MilestonePickerOption.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/users.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/BindableEntityInstance.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/spi/AdvancedBugTrackerConnector.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomReportFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/VerifiedTestCasesManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/SingleSelectFieldTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-cases-management/parameters/ParametersTable.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/execution-information-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/authentication/ThirPartyServersAuthenticationController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/spi/BugTrackerInterfaceDescriptor.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/pagebreak/images/pagebreak.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/edit-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-case-workspace/tc-export-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionExtenderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/Team.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomReportLibraryDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAdministrationDaoIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/StubUserDetailsManager.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/sprites_ie6.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/config/SquashServletConfig.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/jasperreports/execution-progression_iteration.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_table.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/FormToCriteriaConverterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementParserImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TreeEventHandler.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/SquashTm.java.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/settings/.sqfmt12.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/wheel.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/icons.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/editor.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/microphone.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/zone_money.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-step-verified-requirement-bloc.frag.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/text_area.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/IterationTestPlanItem.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/TagPicker.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/user_thief_baldie.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/no.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/templates/images/template2.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/argumentresolver/MilestoneConfigResolver.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/RequirementAuditEventTableModelBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/ReportFactory.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/_translationstatus.txt.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/tabletools/dialogs/tableCell.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933-5-end.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/counter_count_up.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jquery/jquery-ui-1.9.0.custom.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.testautomation.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/sq.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/et.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/testautomation/DuplicateTMLabelException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/et.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/add-attachment-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_side_contract.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementVersionModification.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/tag.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/d.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseAutomationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/def_cat_test-requirement.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/attachment/Attachment.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementLibraryMerger.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/StubEntityDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/basespecs/RequirementImportCustomDbunitServiceSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/popups/delete-node-popup.normal.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layout_header_footer_3_mix.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/gu.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDao.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/plugin/EntityType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.blue-green.less.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/LibrarySelectionStrategy.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/LockedFileInferenceGraphTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/pencil.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/category-panel.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementAuditEventVisitor.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/CampaignNodeDeletionHandlerIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/users-administration/user-list-page.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/MultipartResolverDispatcher.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/TestAutomationProjectManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/FormEntryConstants.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/work_in_progresshighko.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ui_text_field_password.png.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.5.2.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/security/AclPermissionEvaluationServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/import/import-summary.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/CustomReportLibraryMixin.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/magnifier_zoom_in.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/angry_smile.gif.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TableCollapser.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/infrastructure/SquashITProxyUtil.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/attachment/AttachmentsTableModelHelper.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.paired testcase requirement.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/dialogs/smiley.js.i
data/core/core.aspect/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/accept.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/PrivateFieldValueManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/library/AdvancedSearchService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateExecutionDaoIT.should find executions by test case.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/chart-wizard.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/RequirementDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/div/dialogs/div.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/CodeAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/ActionException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/sad_smile.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugTrackerControllerHelperTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/testutils/MockFactory.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/logo_squash30h.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/datepicker.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/denormalizedField/PrivateDenormalizedFieldValueServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteModificationServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.4.0-test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/UrlParserTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CRLNMover.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/lang/PrimitiveTypeUtils.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseImportanceJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/security/annotation/InheritsAcls.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/servlet/DelegatingServletContextListenerMulticaster.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Raccourcis_Active State-26.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/package.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/RequirementAuditTrailControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/DatasetDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/work_in_progressvery_highko.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/resources/softdelete-association/import.sql.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SetIdParameter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/squashtree.css.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/dto/HasMilestoneLabel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCasesWorkspaceControllerTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/work_in_progress.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/basket.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/BugTrackersLocalServiceIT_Disabled.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/zh.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_time.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/DataTableMapper.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/collection/SortOrder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIterationDaoIT.should find iteration statistics.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/databases.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/RequirementNodeDeletionHandlerIT.should update tc importance.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/contents.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAdministrationDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/ImportStatus.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/project/ProjectsController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/newspaper.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/rainbow.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/dialog_iequirks.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIterationDaoIT.should return list of executions.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/testcase/TestCaseStatisticsBundle.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/attachment-tab.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/TemplateColumn.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasAxisTickRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/delete.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/config/OAuth2Config.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CampaignNodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/ConfigAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/arrow_in.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/MilestoneManagerServiceIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/CampaignDeletionHandlerImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/requirement-search-result.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/InputType.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestSuiteModel.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/LibraryContentRepository.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.logAxisRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/factory/DynamicManagerInterfaceSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/squashtest.csp.tm-servlet.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image/dialogs/image.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/AutomatedTestFinderService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/GenericProjectManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/CodeDoesNotMatchesPatternException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/link/dialogs/anchor.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/core/core.changelog-upgrade-to-1.1.1.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/TestCaseLibraryMerger.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/DenormalizedInfoListItemDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/execution-processing/jquery.ieo-control.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/dev/tm.changelog-dev.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.dataset3.xml.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Priority.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/RequestParams.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/images/Button_Nav_TestCase_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/projectfilter/ProjectFilterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/META-INF/spring/security-context.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/RenameModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/uicolor.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/Milestoned.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/report/ReportCriteriaPanel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/ChartDefinitionMixin.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldHelperService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/search-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/pl.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/UserAccountServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-1.5.2-dev.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDaoIT.should return list of copies in folder.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/hu.js.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/domain/TestAutomationProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/scripts/squash/squashtm.navbar.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseImportanceManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/atelier-heath.light.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/datepicker-auto.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/DatasetModificationServiceIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionRunnerControllerHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/iterations/show-iteration-test-plan-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/campaign-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/Messages.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCasesWorkspaceControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldValueConfigurationBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseBridgeCreatedBy.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DummySuperclass.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/crown_silver.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/CustomReportLibraryNodeDaoImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.should remove all permissions on object for user.expected.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/milestones/milestones-tree-menu.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should return list of executions.xml.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/CheckboxInput.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_DoubleArrowLeft.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableColumnFiltering.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/ProjectHelper.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/query/UnsupportedFlavorException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project f+c + cufs-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/batchimport/testcase/call-steps.xlsx.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/VerifiedRequirementActionSummaryBuilder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.countsiblings.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/icons/hidpi/uicolor.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_tile_horizontal.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/myshadow.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/teams-components/teams-table-tab.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestSuiteModificationService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.squashbutton.js.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/annotation/DynamicDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/popups/delete-node-popup.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/definition/RemoteUser.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Search_CUF.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/FormToCriteriaConverterTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/repository/SqlQueryRunner.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/TestList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/he.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/DbunitDaoSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/htmlwriter/assets/outputforflash/outputforflash.swf.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/NotFoundException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/export/WritableCampaignCSVModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/counter_reset.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/ParameterModificationServiceIT.should change parameter name.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseModificationServiceImplIT.should remove automated script link.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/domain/DelegateCommand.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/TransientListItem.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tlds/string-utils.tld.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_time.png.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/security/AclPermissionEvaluationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_a8a8a8_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/arrow_down.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCase.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/scayt/dialogs/toolbar.css.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibrary.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/dialog_sides.png.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/CustomDummyManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/paste_plain.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/tasks/FetchTestListTask.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.denormalizedField.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/sprites.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_edit.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/IterationTestPlanManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomFieldBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/sad_smile.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/listner/OpenedEntitiesLifecycleListener.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.4.1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseSearchCriteria.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/execution-progression_campaign.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/execute-auto-button.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/testautomation/TATestNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/CannotDeleteDefaultOptionException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/thumbs_up.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedTest.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/rendering/chart-dom-factory.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/et.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.dataset5.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementModificationServiceIT.should change requirement criticality.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/contextual-report-inputs.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/zh.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/hibernate/AboveDateCriterion.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation/automated-suite-overview.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/flag_blue.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/LibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ui_tab_disable.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomRequirementModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/iterations-dashboard/success-rate-view.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.1-core-user-project-manager.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/FetchTestListTask.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateUsersGroupDao.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/FetchTestListStepSequenceTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/target.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.9.10.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIssueDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/fr-ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-user-deactivated.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/arrow_undo.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/fa.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/ta-picker.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_TestSuite.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/skin.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/squash.tm.cfg.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/simple-tree-conf/simp-testcase-conf.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/project/ProjectController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/projects/show-projects.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDao.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/ExecuteAndWatchBuildProcessor.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sr-latn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-manager/NewCustomFieldModel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/project/ProjectsController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/input/confirm.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement_Technic.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Home_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/ZipCorruptedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/bg.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Folder_16.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/VerifiedRequirementActionSummaryBuilder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreation.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/internal/thread/TestAutomationTaskExecutor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCriticalityTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/male.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/IterationTestPlanItem.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HasDefaultAsRequiredViolationHandler.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/spring/CompositeDelegatingParameterNameDiscovererTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ipod_cast.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/plugins/workspace-tree-plugin.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages.properties.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.dateformat.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_find.png.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/automatest/TestAutomationProject.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionSetIdentifier.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_move_forwards.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/PropertySetterRepository.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should not move in himself.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/rest/IssueRestController.java.i
data/provision/src/main/liquibase/makedoc/dbdoc_style.xsl.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-1.5.2-dev.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/media_player_small_blue.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/attachment/AttachmentFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/email_open.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drive_cd.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-test-suite-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/Internationalizable.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste requirement with non obsolete versions.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-security.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/execution-status-combo.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_side_expand.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/lt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/testJasmine/Player.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/UserContextService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/skin.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/StringPathMap.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/HyphenedStringHelper.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/infolist/InfoListItemComparatorSource.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/FormToCriteriaConverter.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/META-INF/NOTICE.txt.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/composite/TagPickerOption.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-cases-dashboard/size-pie.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/UploadSummary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h5.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_TestCase_off.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste folder with test-cases.xml.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/api/repository/NamedParamsUniqueResultExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/edit-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/campaign/TestCaseAlreadyInTestPlanException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestoneModelUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/approvedmediumko.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squash.translator.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/UnknownConnectorKind.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/book_addresses.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.should create OID for a project.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/TestAutomationProjectDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDaoIT.should return sorted list of cuf.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/flash/images/placeholder.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step cause all term.xml.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/ReportView.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.ciParser.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/NodeManagementService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementExcelBatchImportIT.should clear milestone binding from requirement.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/vi.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/InternalBugtrackerConnector.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/ArbitraryQueryHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchDateCustomFieldWidget.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.10.3-test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/jqPlotCssStyling.txt.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/UserModificationServiceIT.should deassociate user to team.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should try to relaunch, delete execution and not find execution step because there is none.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/cut.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation/auto-execution-buttons-panel.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/MilestoneTestingPermissionSpecConfig.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/th.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/attachmentsBlack16x16.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_excel_csv.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.blockRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Bugtracker_on.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/audit/AuditableSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_link.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/BoundEntity.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/search-result-display.jsp.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/clipboard/dialogs/paste.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/query/hibernate/HibernateReportQueryDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/liststyle/dialogs/liststyle.js.i
data/core/core.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/testautomation/execution/dto/TestSuiteExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/ko.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/Requirement.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.9.0.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/openXML/jszip-deflate.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drive_go.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/TestByProjectSorterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CustomTestSuiteModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedSuiteDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jstree.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/info-list/NewInfoListItemDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ModelTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/cy.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste tc with parameters and datasets.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/textfield.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/piano.png.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/settings/org.eclipse.wst.jsdt.ui.prefs.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/whatchutalkingabout_smile.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/attachments/attachment-display.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-values/jquery-cuf-values.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/annotation/AclConstrainedObject.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/service/InsecureTestAutomationManagementService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/images/Button_Nav_Requirement_on.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/pl.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/ExecutionHasNoStepsException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info_list_noicon.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/MultiSelectFieldTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedSuiteDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/gu.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/InheritableAclsObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/photo_album.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/jasperreports/requirement-export.jrxml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDenormalizedFieldValueDaoIT.dfvs.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/import-campaigns-stylesheet.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone-0.9.10-min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/ru.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/Level.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/DenormalizedInfoListItem.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/add.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.12.3.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/GenericLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_wrench.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/select-jeditable-auto.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/reqtc/RequirementTestCaseController.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/repository/NonUniqueEntityException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/UppercaseUnderscoreNamingStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/navbar.frag.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableMapperPagingAndSortingAdapter.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseModificationServiceImplIT.should find test cases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/NoBugTrackerBindingException.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.12.0-feat-5162.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/RequirementVersionNotLinkableException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestCaseLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/milestone/MilestoneMembershipManagerImpl.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.14.0.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/FetchTestListStepSequence.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/EnumJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move reqs to project with cufs-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/components.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/hibernate/ExecutionProgressQueryFactory.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/strategy/TestCaseLibrarySelectionStrategyImpl.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.6.0.sql.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/equinox/bin/startup.bat.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/tree/CustomReportTreeDefinition.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/advancedsearch/IndexationService.java.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/CLNAfterAttach.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/ws/squashtm.toggleworkspace.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/lightbulb.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/ParameterSheetColumn.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-campaign-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.donutRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/openXML/ltxml-extensions.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/images/Button_Nav_Campaign_on.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/ReportExecutionProgressFollowUp.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/add-attachment-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jquery/jquery-2.1.1.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/datasource-context.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/dialog_sides_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/AutomatedTestManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_glass_45_e14f1c_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/jquery.jqplot.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SetParamIdsParametersCallback.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/scayt/dialogs/toolbar.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/LibraryNavigationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/definition/RemoteFieldStub.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementVersionModification.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/executions/ExecutionStatusJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandlerIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIssueDaoIT.testcases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ug.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/ieo-main-page.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/def_cat_functional.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-suite-management/test-plan-panel/popups.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonTestCaseBuilder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/toggle-panel.tag.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/DatabaseBackedObjectIdentityGeneratorStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/scripts/squash/squashtm.fragmenttabs.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/batchimport/testcase/import-columns.xlsx.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestTestStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-icons_fcd113_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/toggle-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibraryPluginBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-workspace/show-test-case.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/lt.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/statistics/campaign/ScheduledIterationTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/icons_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/testcase/StepDoesNotBelongToTestCaseException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/administration.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree/conf-factory.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/iteration-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicManagerFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/search-panel-by-requirement.tag.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/RLNBeforeDetach.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/rich-jeditable-header.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/infolist/InfoListController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement_Test-requirement.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/RequirementVersionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_heading_1.png.i
data/tools/org.squashtest.csp.tools.unittest/pom.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/SearchServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementModificationServiceIT.should remove and not retrieve a Requirement.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/pilcrow.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iesupport/excanvas.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/TreeNodeUpdater.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-suite/execution-buttons-panel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bluetooth.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/squashtest.csp.core-servlet.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/target.png.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.1-orphan-entities.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/fileupload/SquashMultipartResolver.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/UserForm.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/checkXFO/checkXFO.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/select-jeditable-auto.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/print.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_paintbrush.png.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/bin/launcher.bat.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/thread/TestAutomationTaskExecutor.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementAuditEvent.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/HasExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customeditor/AttachmentPropertyEditorSupport.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/MenuItem.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/CustomGenericProjectFinder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/BugTrackerLocalService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_common-script-import.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find requirements by reference token.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/HierarchyCreatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TreeEventHandler.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/package-info.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateUserDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/BugTrackerDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestoneCloneStatusComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_6eac2c_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-suites/test-suite-test-plan-row.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/uicolor.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/spi/AccessDenied.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste folder with campaigns, iterations, suite.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignFolderModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/authentication/LoginLogoutController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/project/ProjectManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/WorkspaceHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/plugin.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/devil_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_basic.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-1.4.2.js.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/ReportView.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/TagsValueTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/attachment-bloc.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionCurrentVersionBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/book_previous.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/tasks/FetchTestListTaskTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/mn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/cross.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move and update cufs.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bullet_add_1.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/link/dialogs/link.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerBindExceptionResolverTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/CallStepInstruction.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layout_split_vertical.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/BugTrackersLocalService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestStepTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfields/InputTypeModel.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should find one requirement by path.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteModificationServiceImplIT.should add two test plan items to two test suites.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/DenormalizedListItemReference.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/picker_mask.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/angry_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonUrl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/icons_rtl.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/configuration/DefaultTestAutomationServerFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/input/confirm.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ui_tab_content.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/web/BugTrackerContextPersistenceFilterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_2_copy.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectFilterDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fr-ca.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/core/core.changelog-master.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseImportanceManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/IterationTestPlanDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/MilestoneDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementModificationServiceIT.should fail to rename a requirement because duplicated name.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/execution-progression-view0.jrxml.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicManagerFactoryBean.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933-5-end.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SetIdParameter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionSetIdentifier.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/to_be_updatedvery_highok.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to same project-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/export/TestCaseImportController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/export/ExportPluginManagerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/km.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/emoticon_unhappy.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/CustomFieldVariousIT.sandbox.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/FetchTestListStepSequenceTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/i18n/Labelled.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerBindingDaoIT.should delete bugtrackerBinding.xml.i
data/provision/src/main/config/services/org.squashtest.csp.core.auth.config.properties.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should find exec step through new exec.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementImporterIT_Disabled.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Reporting_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_f7a50c_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/CannotCoerceException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/infrastructure/report/JasperReportsGraphic2DView.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/net/AuthenticationCredentials.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/execution-processing/ieo-manager.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/TemplateCustomFieldPattern.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/Tuple2.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-icons_ffe77f_256x240.png.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/lang/PrimitiveTypeUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/ArchiveReaderFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/ku.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/InputType.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/requirement/VerifiedRequirementException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-suite-management/events/ctxt-evt-handler.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/ExecuteAndWatchStepSequenceIT.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/lv.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomReportWorkspaceServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/DateUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/PropertyPathConstraintViolationHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.green.css.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/PartyPreference.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/BugTrackerManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/templates/default.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_csharp.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/scripts/squash/squashtm.report.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-cases/edit-test-case-library.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/user-editor/UserChangePasswordPopup.js.i
data/provision/src/main/resources/jettyhome/etc/jetty.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldHolderType.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/hibernate/IsInSet.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/TestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/charts/abstractCustomReportChart.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/security/AdministratorAuthenticationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/INSTALL.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/advancedsearch/I18nFieldComparator.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirement-workspace.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/IdentifiedComparator.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/AutomatedSuiteManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/Campaign.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/mini.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementAuditorImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/project-filter/ProjectFilterModel.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datatables/jquery.dataTables.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages_fr.properties.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/configurations/login-message-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/resource/SimpleResource.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/bugtracker/BugTrackerSystemManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/specs/Player.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestPlanStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/to_be_updatedmediumok.png.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.10.5-test.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/model/NullAclCache.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.iterationPlusExecutionsStatus2.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/image2/image2.html.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.orange.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/icons/hidpi/sourcedialog-rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/skin.js.i
data/core/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisAxis1SoapClientIT.groovy.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.4.1.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/UploadSummary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.togglepanels.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/NodeContainerVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/DuplicateNameException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/importer/RequirementImportLogHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/service/JasperReportsServiceException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/BindableEntity.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/pubsub.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/Target.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/README.ru.md.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/RawValue.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/reporting/report-workspace.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/coercers/CampaignLibraryIdsCoercerForList.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/MultipartResolverDispatcher.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDao.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/JsonParser.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerActionExceptionResolver.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.delete_tc_cascade_steps.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/CustomMilestoneBindingManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/TestStepPersister.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/users/TeamFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/tongue_smile.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAttachmentListDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/security/OAuth2ClientServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/sl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-cases-management/parameters/NewParameterDialog.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/messages/execution-progression_en.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/tmpFrameset.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/StringAggFunction.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/AnnotatedPropertyObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/report/form/InputDefinition.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/TestCaseImporter.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/emoticon_grin.png.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/formatter/java-formatter.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone-0.9.2.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/libraries/library.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/to_be_updatedhighko.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_fcd113_256x240.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.iterationPlusExecutionsStatus2.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/verified-requirements/TestStepVerifiedRequirementsTable.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sport_tennis.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/SimpleEntryConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestoneStatusComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/dialog.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-search.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_align_center.png.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/Slf4jAuditLogger.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/cy.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedRichValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CannotCopyNodeException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/resources/persistent-repository-config-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/WrongUrlException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SoftDeletedLoaderAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/squashtable.dnd.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/Entry.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/wro.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.blue.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/projectfilter/ProjectFilterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/feature/FeatureManagerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_ppt.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/DefaultEditionStatusStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/deletion/NotDeletablePreviewReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/heart_break.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/ku.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-case-search-input.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/unknown_header.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/tomorrow.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/EntityFacilitySupport.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/liquibase/distribution.changelog-master.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/delete-contextual-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/RequirementSearchController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/filter/UserConcurrentRequestLockFilterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/milestones/milestones-tab-uneditable.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/JsonSimpleData.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/coercers/CLNAndParentIdsCoercerForArray.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignTestPlanItemDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.categoryAxisRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/audit/Auditable.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_text_width.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/campaigns/campaign.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/user-manager.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.0.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseNatureJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fo.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.8.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/README.txt.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/AbstractNodeDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/users-manager/user-list-page.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/automated-suite-overview-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/delivery.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-case-executions.frag.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Exec_Failed.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/music.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/envelope.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/cf/NewCustomFieldPanelView.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/basespecs/DbunitMappingSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/show-projects/NewTemplateFromProjectDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/custom-field-values-list.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SetNodeContentParameter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/camp-treemenu.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/ColumnMismatchException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablefilter/SoftDeletableCollectionPersister.groovy.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/execution-processing/execution-processing-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h4.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/th.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionRunnerViewName.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementMerger.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/mini.gif.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceIT.should find exec step through old exec.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/export/TestCaseImportLogController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/attachment-bloc.frag.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/templates.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/control_end.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.cookie.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-ui-1.8.13.all.dev.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tlds/css-transform.tld.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/plugin/Plugin.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/images/Button_Nav_Requirement_off.png.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/security/acls/AccessRule.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/socket.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Blue.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933-3-testcases.xml.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/RLNBeforeDelete.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_paste.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseTreeIconsUpdate.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-case-statistics/size-pie.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/hu.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/NodeContainer.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/AbstractLibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestSuite.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_excel.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.10.3.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/TestPlanTerminatedOrNoStepsException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/cy.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/authorization/OauthController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/HibernateMappingSpecification.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/editor.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/images/spacer.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/MilestoneMembershipFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-table-tc.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/images/lock.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/operations/TreeEventHandler.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/UserPermissionDatatableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/remoteapi/execution/dto/package-info.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/arrow_right.gif.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Reporting_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/paste_word.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/pl.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/MilestoneManagerService2IT.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/EntityFinderNamedQueryHandler.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Reporting_off.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to other project.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestStepFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/OpenedEntity.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_ajax-processing-indicator.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/editor.css.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/squashtm.fg.menu.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/camera.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_align_right.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementNodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-folder-management/tcf-management-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/mini.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressCampaignDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletableMixin.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/arrow_join.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tlds/string-utils.tld.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/ParameterModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/UppercaseUnderscoreNamingStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementModificationServiceIT.should change requirement category.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementMerger.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/BugTrackerFinderService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/NewRequirementVersionDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/ExportTestCaseData.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldOption.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/error-message.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Search_Version.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/sv.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/wsc_ie.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/report/ReportController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/CustomFieldTransatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/DatasetParamValuesInstructionTest.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/ExecuteTestsBuildProcessor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image/images/noimage.png.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DeleteEntityHandler.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignLibrariesCrudService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_update_milestone_binding.xls.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomIterationModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/security/authentication/AuthenticatedMissingUserCreatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/lifebuoy.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/Node.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layout_split.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/FacilityImplHelperTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/da.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/issues/bugtracker-panel.jsp.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/BasicInput.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_paperclip.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/AbstractRequirementEventPublisher.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/IdentifiedComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/handler/ExceptionResolverUtilTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_illustrator.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedSuiteTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/testautomation/testcase-script-elt-structure.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/automated-suite-overview-popup.tag.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/TCLNBeforeDetach.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.purple.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layout_select_sidebar.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/work_in_progressmediumko.png.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/FindByIdHandler.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-0.17.0.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_address.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/utils/HTMLCleanupUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-libraries/show-iteration.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_TestCase_map.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/ExecutionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_75_2b2b2b_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/ParameterNameInStepUpdater.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/model/NullAclCache.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/attachment/AttachmentManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_edit.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.notification.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/api/repository/HibernateSqlQueryRunner.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/hi.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/ExcelExporter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/background.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirements/requirement-version-editor.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateReportQueryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/junk/jquery.squashtm.jstree.ext.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/cart.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/FilterModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/root.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.deletiontest.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-0.17.0.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step because test cases deleted.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/api/repository/NamedParamsUniqueResultExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/dialogs/mathjax.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/domain/BTEntity.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/security/PermissionsUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/IterationTestPlanManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/handlebars/handlebars-1.0.0.rc3.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ReportServiceIT.should generate list of ReqCoverageByTestProjectDto filter by project id.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/issue-table-exec.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/excanvas.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonCustomReportGridElement.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/InputTypeModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/mobile_phone.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/no.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/TestPlanAssignableStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/RequirementVersionSearchExportCSVModelImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/LabelFormatter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/AttachmentManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/BugTrackerStatus.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestSuiteStatisticsTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/ckeditor/ckeditor-header.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/DoNotFilterSoftDeleted.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/BindableEntity.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/persistent-repository-config-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/FetchTestListFuture.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/home-workspace/default-dashboard-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/ru.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomReportWorkspaceServiceIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_469bdd_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomReportLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-values/lib/jquery.jeditableCustomfield.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonInfoList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/workspace.storage.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/foundation/collection/SortingUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/ChartInstance.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/bin/startup.sh.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/mk.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/RequirementAuditEventTableModelBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/export/TestCaseImportLogHelperTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementLargePropertyChange.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.iterationPlusExecutionsStatus.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/Iteration.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/ru.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sort_quantity.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/hibernate/cfg/ImprovedNamingStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldBindingModificationService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.generateId.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/comment.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/marker.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/ArrayIdsCoercerAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/SystemListItem.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_move_back.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/README.txt.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIterationDaoIT.should return list of executions.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace/show-campaign-milestone-dashboard.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/link.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/importer/RequirementImportController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/plugin.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project f+c + cufs-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasAxisTickRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/bootstrap.override.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/http/JsonEmptyResponseEntity.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/AdvancedSearchIndexingController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pointLabels.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/EntitySummary.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/user/ActiveUserDeleteException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/ProjectionPlanner.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.13.1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/DatasetParamValueDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/dialog_sides.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_tag.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/softdelete-association/softdelete-hibernate.cfg.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/IterationNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/xml-templates.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sv.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/pagebreak/images/pagebreak.gif.i
data/core/core.report.api/pom.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementAuditEventDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/abstractStepView.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/DenormalizedFieldValueDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/config/ResourceResolverProperties.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/DelayedBuildProcessor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseImportanceLabelFormatterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SoftDeleteFilterEnablerAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/lightbulb_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/CellValueCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/user_thief_baldie.png.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/Input.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/web/jasperreports/fonts/fonts.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomRequirementModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/user-account-password-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jquery/jquery-1.8.3.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/requirement/CopyPasteObsoleteException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.should disassociate from two item test plan and remove two.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/html.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should not copy paste obsolete.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_fcd113_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-campaign-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/FeedbackMultipartPopup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_e14f1c_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/ExportRequirementData.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/charts.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/spring/CompositeDelegatingParameterNameDiscovererTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/utils.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/structure.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.jeditable.ext.js.i
data/provision/src/main/config/services/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web.uploadfilter.config.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/hue_thumb.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/SpringPagination.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icone_Anomalies.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementLargePropertyChangeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/stylesheetparser/stylesheetparser.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/plugins/squash-plugin.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Priority.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/arrow_merge.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/simple-tree-conf/common-conf.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/icons_rtl.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step because all execs terminated.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/jquery-header.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/workspace.projects.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/UserContextHolder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTablePagedFilter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/projection_screen.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/km.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/Party.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDaoIT.should find test suite statistics.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/Execution.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/QuerydslUtils.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/attachments/attachment-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomReportDashboardServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/steps/popups.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/error-message.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_doc.png.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.6.0-test.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project and remove issues.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/ConciseFormToCriteriaConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/automatest/spi/exceptions/ServerConnectionFailed.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/normal-library-tree.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/resources/jasperreports.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/contextual-content-handlers/SimpleNameHandler.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateUserDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/WrongStringSizeException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/noimage.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.grey.css.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/hue_bg.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/sv.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/dialog.css.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/ColumnPrototypeInstance.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/DenormalizedInfoListDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/export-requirement-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-table-iter.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/VerifiedTestCasesManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-0.20.0-test.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/mn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/TestCaseLibraryTreeNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablewhere/Child.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/def_cat_undefined.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/menu/tree-menu.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/AbstractRequirementPropertyChangeEventBuilder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/template.mf.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/bugtracker-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/parameters/ParameterNameComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/pl.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/uk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/media_player_small_blue.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/charts/chartFactory.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/test-suite-statistics-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/arrow_in.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestSuiteDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/LICENSE.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/planning/main.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/net/HttpRequestFactoryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-automation-server-manager.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/desktop.png.i
data/plugins/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/NameAlreadyInUseException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/test-suite-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/SelfClassAware.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/ug.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.0-core-user-project-manager.sql.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/TestPlanItemNotExecutableException.java.i
data/integration-tests/README.md.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedSuite.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/dialog.css.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/dev/auth.changelog-dev.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/money_dollar.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/StepSheetColumn.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/CodeDoesNotMatchesPatternException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/si.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.2.0.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/new.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_flash.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerNoCredentialsException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementAuditEventDaoIT.should fetch lists of events.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-libraries/show-test-case.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/ExecutionViewInterceptor.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/lang/he.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/test/resources/test-log4j.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomProjectModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/funnel.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerBindingDaoIT.groovy.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.13.0.feat-5493.sql.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-0.15.0.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/hourglass.png.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/conf/felix.system.properties.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.4.0.sql.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/Level.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/AbstractNamedQueryFinderHandler.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-libraries/show-iteration.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/execution-status-factory.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/ChartSeries.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementParserImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.wine.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-plan-management/DeleteExecutionDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationProjectManagerServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/VerifyingTestCaseManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/IdentifiedReportDecorator.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDaoIT.should count non folders 1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/security/authentication/InternalAuthenticationProviderFeatures.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/attachment/AttachmentControllerTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.11.0.result.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/issue-tables/main.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomProjectModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/api/repository/HibernateSqlQueryRunner.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/joystick.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_home.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-manager/CustomFieldsTableView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/school_book.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/jquery.jqplot.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/ru.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/ajaxcall.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layout_join_vertical.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAttachmentDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CampaignLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/TestPlanStatus.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/RequirementVersionCoverageMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/utils.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datatables/jquery.dataTables.js.d
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_cplusplus.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/rich-jeditable.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/level-message.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/dialog_sides.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/customSecurity/StubCustomPermissionEvaluationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/control_pause.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseFolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/project/ProjectTemplateController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bricks.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_test_version_number.xls.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/ResultPostProcessor.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_gloss-wave_55_5c9ccc_500x100.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementTestCaseLinkParser.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/icons/image.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/workspace-page-layout.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/bg.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/approvedvery_highok.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_blockquote.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/fo.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/popups/init-all.js.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/tm-ta-osgi-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/attachment/AttachmentList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/dialog.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateUserDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomGenericProjectManagerImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.should remove a folder from the root content.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_picture.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/link.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/LevelEnumSerializer.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/ObjectViewsInterceptor.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/hiddenfield.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/money_pound.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementModificationEventPublisherAspectTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateUsersGroupDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementCoverageExcelBatchImporterIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/test-log4j.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_align_left.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/de.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/TestAutomationServerAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/folder.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_view_xp.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/chart_comparative.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/i18n/ContextBasedInternationalized.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/icons_rtl.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.general.dbsetup.xml.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.2.0.sql.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/TeamModificationServiceIT.should delete team with acls.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/CampaignViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/fi.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-0.20.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/ExcelBatchImporter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/charts/customReportBarView.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedSuiteDaoIT.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugTrackerControllerHelperTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationServerDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/CustomCustomFieldManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/testautomation/execution/dto/TestExecutionStatus.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/basespecs/AsManagerDbunitServiceSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/nl.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should count versions of requirement.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/control_fastforward.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/AbstractCustomFieldHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersion.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementNodeWalker.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/OptionalEnumCellCoercerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_csharp.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseLibrariesCrudService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationFinderServiceIT.execution.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/testautomation/ta-admin-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/sq.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/service/BugTrackersServiceImplTest_Disabled.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/ParameterModificationService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableMapperCollectionSortingAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/sk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/slides.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/popups/add-test-case-popup.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/NodeContainer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drive_cd_empty.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-libraries/show-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/km.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/CustomTestStepModificationService.java.i
data/ajcore.20120103.153318.173.txt.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/UserAccountServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/search/RequirementSearchCriteriaAdapter.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Campaign.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/a11yhelp.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/en-au.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/money_yen.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ku.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Identifiable.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/templates.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CampaignDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/DatasetModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/CustomMilestoneManager.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/ProjectDeletionHandlerIT.groovy.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.1-remove-deleted-on.sql.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/internal/service/TestAutomationConnectorRegistry.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/report-issue-popup/default-field-view.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.green.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/testcase/StepDoesNotBelongToTestCaseException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/AffectedEntitiesPreviewReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/lightbulb.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/search-result-display-ordered.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/LogEntryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/campaigns-dashboard/testcase-status-pie.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/execution-helper.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/PluginsPathClasspathExtender.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/CampaignSearchController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/fi.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/jasperreports/requirement-coverage-overview.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/oer-execute-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/idea.css.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/BuildList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/fa.js.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/remoteapi/execution/dto/ExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jstree/JsTreeNodeData.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/vi.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementFolderDaoIT.should not retrieve deleted folder.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.13.1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jquery/jquery-ui-1.9.0.custom.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/team-editor/TeamModificationView.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/ImportRequirementTestCaseLinksSummaryImpl.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/GetBuildID.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementExcelBatchImportIT.should import requirement with cuf.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ca.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/report/ReportDefinition.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/fond_nav.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-libraries/show-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/jpql/ExtAggOps.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/CampaignLibraryTreeNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/ChartEngineTestUtils.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/ieo-execute-execution.jsp.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.10.0.xml.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/commondomain/CommonStatus.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/sprites_ie6.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestCaseDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Requirement_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/star_1.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/steps/TestStepsTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.contextual-content.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/access/OperationBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_55_f8da4e_1x400.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementVersionManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/.jshintrc.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/core/messages.properties.i
data/core/core.service/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectFilterModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedExecutionExtenderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-search-input.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/VerificationCriterion.java.i
data/core/core.jasperreport.fragment/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/annotation/InheritsAcls.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/pl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugTrackerControllerHelperTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bullet_key.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/security/authentication/RedirectEntryPoint.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/audit/AuditableMixin.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/GatherTestList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-search-result.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/copy-paste-node.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/search/ExpandedTestCase.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/PermissionGroup.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/fi.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/User.java.i
data/core/core.wizard.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/wizard/InternationalizedWorkspaceWizard.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/marker.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestAutomationService.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationTestPlanManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementPropertyChange.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerCompositeDomainExceptionResolver.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/milestone/Milestone.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/PagingBackedPagedCollectionHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/attributeStepView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/i18n/InternationalizationHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.funnelRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_copy.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.BezierCurveRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/pubsub-boot.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.jstree-node.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/DriveNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/QueryPlannerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/JEditablePostParams.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/uk.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/AnnotatedPropertyObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategy.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-ui-1.8.13.custom.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/JEditablePostParams.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/configurations/welcome-message-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/audit/Auditable.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/oauth/AAAProxy.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/LibraryNodeUtils.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/DataFilteringServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/filter/EnumServletContextExposer.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDeletionDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomCustomReportLibraryDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/oauth/AuthenticationToken.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/spi/exceptions/AccessDenied.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/UnreadableResponseException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/ParameterFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.BezierCurveRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/CustomField.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/WorkspaceController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find folders by name token.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/IllegalExecutionStatusException.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.test/src/main/resources/i18n/messages.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/bbcode/bbcode.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisAxis1SoapClient.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/deletion/SuppressionPreviewReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/en-ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/security/SquashUserDetailsManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drive_delete.png.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/spi/report/ReportPlugin.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/strategy/TestCaseLibrarySelectionStrategyImpl.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/accept.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementVersionCategoryComparatorSource.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should count calling test steps.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/FetchTestListBuildProcessor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/menubar.frag.html.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.12.0-test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/jdbc/UnsupportedQualifiedNameListSizeException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/VerifiedRequirementsManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/ajax-loader-16x16.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/campaigns-dashboard/test-inventory-table.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/sad_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/CustomProjectModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/taglib/PathUtils.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandlerIT.should delete a test-step along with its attachments.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Job.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-cases/edit-test-case.jsp.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/ArrayUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/tt.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/ExportTestStepData.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_MsgHome.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/TreeNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationProjectDao.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.12-reset-data.sql.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/model/ObjectAclService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/campaign-library-tree.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/VerifyingTestCaseManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/SpringSecurityUserContextService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/TestPlanFilteringHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/htmlwriter/outputforflash.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/jquery.jqplot.min.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/attachment/AttachmentContent.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/ColumnProcessingMode.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementAuditEventDaoIT.should fetch lists of events.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/AdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/CustomFieldInfos.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/dev/dev.changelog-master.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/library/show-libraries-details.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/af.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/money_euro.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.trendline.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find test cases by requirement criticalities.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/campaigns-components/campaign-test-plan-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/jquery.squash.datepicker-auto.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/form.js.i
data/distribution/src/main/izpack/logos/logo-squash-tm-150.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_d8e7f3_256x240.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/infolist/InfoListDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.aspect/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/eye.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.10.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/parameters/DatasetsPanel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone-validation-amd-min.js.i
data/distribution/pom.xml.i
data/tools/tools.annotation.processor/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/tools/annotation/processor/DynamicDaoProcessor.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/internal/infrastructure/Labelled.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/dialog_sides.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/rendering/chart-plotter.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/AbstractDynamicComponentFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/magnifier.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_error.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/font.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDenormalizedFieldValueDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/reporting_datatable.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_swoosh.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/HasExecutionStatus.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/checked_box.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_side_list.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.fragmenttabs.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/openXML/jszip-ie9-support.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreation.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customreport/CustomReportFolderService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/vi.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/EmptyCollectionGuardAspect.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.should create a suite with custom fields.expected.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/advancedsearch/IndexationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/validation/validator/UniqueListItemsValidator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/projection_screen.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/crown.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomMilestoneBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/ca.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/access/DefaultNodeSelectionBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseIssueBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/TemplateCustomFieldPatternTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/rosette.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/onchange/docs/install.html.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/templates/images/template1.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application2.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseImportanceLevelComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomCampaignModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/BugTrackerLocalServiceIT.execution-step-setup.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/web/BugTrackerContextPersistenceFilterTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_paperclip.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/ArchiveReader.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.mini.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/access/SelectionMode.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/softdelete-association/import.sql.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project and keep issues-result.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDaoIT.should find testplanitems given the test suite id.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/stamp.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/Bugged.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/CampaignSearchInterfaceDescription.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/project/GenericProjectFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/searchinterface/SearchInterfaceDescription.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/fragments-utils/general-information-panel.html.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/et.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_ppt.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/verifying-test-case-manager.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/I18nLevelEnumInfolistHelper.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.12.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/RequirementDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/NoBugTrackerBindingException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste campaigns with testSuites.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/es.js.i
data/core/core.jasperreports.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/jasperreports/processors/CustomHtmlProcessorFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/throbber.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/InvalidCampaignDateException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/omg_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/StubUserContextService.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/TestAutomationServerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/export/CellImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/static/test-case_import_template_zip_fr.xlsx.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementModificationEventPublisherAspect.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementPropertyChangeTest.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/BuildStage.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-config.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/static/test-case_import_template_xls.xls.i
data/core/core.api/pom.xml.i
data/tools/org.squashtest.csp.tools.unittest/src/main/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tools/unittest/assertions/ListAssertions.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementSyncExtender.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/BugTrackerAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementLargePropertyChangeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/ConciseFormToCriteriaConverterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/bug.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/permissions-rules.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceIT update Item Plan with last execution data.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/icons-library.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/devil_smile.gif.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project f+c.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementAuditEvent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementWorkspaceController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasOverlay.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonChartWizardData.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/ParameterArray.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisEntityConverter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomCampaignModificationService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/noimage.png.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/ReportPlugin.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersion.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/common-import-outer-frame-layout.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.13.1-test.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.purple.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/CallTestStep.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/wsc.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should not copy paste obsolete.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/workspace.tree-event-handler.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/batchimport/testcase/missing-headers.xlsx.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste iterations to campaign.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/user/MilestoneOwnerDeleteException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/scayt/LICENSE.md.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestExecutionStub.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/SquashEntityManagerFactoryBuilderImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/Execution.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.validate.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/internal/test/StubRequirementDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/wizard/sideView.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/OsgiServiceConstants.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/listener/EnumServletContextExposer.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/validation/constraint/HasDefaultAsRequired.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirements/show-verifying-testcase-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/TestSuiteModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/sl.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find ids of test cases called by several test cases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BTModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/RequirementVersionCoverageControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/step-information-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/ExportData.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/UrlParser.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/TreeNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CannotDeleteProjectException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/widget.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/grid.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/popups/init-all.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.7.0-test.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceIT.denormalizedField.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/key.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/BugTrackerNameAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/DropdownList.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/hi.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tlds/json.tld.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/actions/init-actions.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move and update cufs-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/ta-admin-panel.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/RequirementDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/tree-picker-conf/tp-campaign-conf.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/zone.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/test-suite-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste campaigns with iterations.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksimpl/CheckBuildRunning.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.5.1-2.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/SessionPingController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/add.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sitemap.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.10.3.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/km.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/ProjectResource.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/dashboard.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CallStepManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/validation/validator/CustomFieldHasDefaultAsRequiredValidator.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/PartyPreferenceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/denormalized-field-values-list.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste requirement versions with cuf.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerGenericValidation.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/customfield/CustomFieldBindingMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/hu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_808080_1x400.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/fond_nav_rotate.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/print-requirement-version.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h6.png.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/ContainerOption.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/PropertiesBugTrackerFactoryBean.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/TestCaseBoundMilestoneTableModelHelper.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.4.1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/UserLoginBridgeAdaptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/TestCaseViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/bugtracker/BugTrackerManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/icons.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/IterationTestPlanDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/VerifiedTestCasesManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/fa.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/control_rewind.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Raccourcis_Error-24.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/web/BugTrackerContextPersistenceFilter.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_flat_75_aaaaaa_40x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasTextRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/archive/ZipReader.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/test/StubRequirementDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/configurations/login-message-workspace.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/ProjectDeletionHandlerTest.should delete project and libraries.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/BoundToMultipleMilestonesReport.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/navigation.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/TestPlanTerminatedOrNoStepsException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation/project-manager.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_test_cuf_txt_default.xls.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/SynchronousBuildProcessor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseImportanceManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/UserAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldModelFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/TestAutomationConnectorRegistry.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/net/HttpRequestFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/to_be_updatedhighok.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/features.less.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/dialog_sides_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone-1.0.0-min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/bugtracker/BugTrackerModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SoftDeletableDaoPointcut.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/hi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pieRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/NodeReferenceChanged.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/users.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomReportLibraryNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/AdministrationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/AdministrationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomCustomFieldBindingDao.java.i
data/database/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/sk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_photoshop.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages_en.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/workspace-page-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/def_cat_non-functional.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/bug-tracker-panel.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/configuration/ConfigurationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/datepicker.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIterationDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.enhancedLegendRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.ohlcRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/ActionTestStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/archive/ArchiveReaderFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-automation/servers-manager.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/color_swatch_1.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/flash/dialogs/flash.js.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/java-templates.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/AttachmentDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/NodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/comment.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.blockRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/json/SquashObjectMapper.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/advanceddomain/AdvancedIssue.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/project/project-permission-popup.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/project-page.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionCoverageBridgeIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/RequirementAuditTrailControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/bugtracker-workspace.jsp.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.8.2-test.xml.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/factory/DeferredLookupCustomImplementationProvider.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_e14f1c_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignWorkspaceController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/INSTALL.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CopyPasteObsoleteException.java.i
data/provision/src/main/config/services/tm.testautomation.conf.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/eo.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/FormEntryNotConvertibleException.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/StartBuild.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/door.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/execution-status.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestStepController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/cross_shield.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestCaseAlreadyInTestPlanException.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/StandardReportCategory.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/DynamicDaoConfig.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/testJasmine/Song.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/CountNamedQueryHandler.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DummyEntity.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/StubAuthentication.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/testcase-test-automation.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_common-script-import.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchRangeFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/customfields/CustomFieldBindingManagementController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step cause no item for tester.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/mathjax/mathjax.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/requirement-coverage_projects.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/smiley_confuse.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/GenericNodeManagementService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/UsersGroupDao.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/PagedCollectionHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/def_cat_non-functional.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layout_header_footer_3_mix.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionAssignmentComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/af.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.2.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/AuditableEntity.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/service/UnsupportedFormatException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/importer/ImportRequirementTestCaseLinksSummary.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/StubEntityDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/images/spacer.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/underscore/underscore-1.7.0.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomTestSuiteModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomTestCaseModificationService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should count requirements verified by list of test cases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tlds/project-utils.tld.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-verifying-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customreport/CustomReportWorkspaceController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/sv.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/sl.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/access/AccessRuleBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestStepTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/edit-test-step.html.i
data/dependencies/hibernate-dependencies/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedTestTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/testautomation/execution/StatusUpdate.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_flat_100_ffffff_40x100.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/squashtree.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/SpecRunner.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/CustomReportTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/BasicReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionProcessingController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCriticality.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/dialogs/uicolor.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/user/StubAverageJoeAccountService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/eye.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/BoundEntityKey.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/smiley_red.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionCoverageDaoIT.should find paged list for test-step.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/testautomation/TestAutomationProjectRegistrationForm.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/query/ReportQuery.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerProjectDao.java.i
data/database/src/it/script/VerifyUpperCaseInScript.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/denormalizedField/PrivateDenormalizedFieldValueServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/Issue.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/NewRequirementVersionDto.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find requirements by reference and name token.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-verified-requirements-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/RequirementBoundEditionStatusStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomIterationModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Project.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/assets/sample.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/ExecutionViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-cases-management/parameters/NewDatasetDialog.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/execution-information-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/view-template.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/Iteration.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/decorate-toggle-panels.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/attachment/attachment.jpg.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/LibraryDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/authentication/accessDenied.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-workspace/show-step-verified-requirements-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonProject.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/dialogs/templates.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/en-ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/uk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/specs/report/ConciseFormModelSpec.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateItemTestPlanDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/IssueOwnershipFinderStrategy.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/exception/ActionException.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/access/DefaultNodeSelectionBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/import-requirement.xlsx.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h1.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/hu.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/test/java/util/UnmodifiableCollectionTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.jetty.boot.felix42.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/jetty/boot/felix42/fragment/FragmentActivator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/archive/ArchiveReaderFactoryImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionModificationServiceDbunitIT update Item Plan with last execution data.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/campaign/ScheduledIterationTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/user/CustomTeamModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/viewmapping/AtViews.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestoneFeatureConfiguration.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_png.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find test cases by requirement criticalities.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_2.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerBindExceptionResolverTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/dialog_sides_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/images/Button_Nav_Reporting_off.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/projects/project-info.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/CallStepManagerServiceIT.dataset.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CampaignDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/spi/exceptions/ServerConnectionFailed.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignTestPlanManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.1-undeleted-resources-and-attachmentlist.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/RequirementAuditEventTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/DatasetParamValueTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.ckeditor.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-cases/show-verified-requirements-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/TestCaseIssueFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_side_tree.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/ChartEngineTestUtils.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/rendering/chart-render-utils.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAttachmentListDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JeditableComboHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/datafiltering.html.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementLargePropertyChangeTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/wink_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/smiley_roll.png.i
data/distribution/src/main/izpack/logos/logo_squash_77_290.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/infrastructure/DeleteDataSetLoadStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/show-projects/NewTemplateDialog.js.i
data/provision/src/main/config/services/org.squashtest.csp.repository.config.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/jdbc/UnknownAclClassException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/RequirementAuditEventDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/DataTableModelTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/ko.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationServerDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Exec_Passed.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.plugin.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionProcessingServiceIT.execution.allStepsSuccess.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/TeamModificationServiceIT.should delete team with acls.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/webdefault.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/StringPathMap.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/execute.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/monokai.css.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/auth/auth.changelog-master.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/NotFoundException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationProjectDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/ieo-execute-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomRequirementVersionManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/jqPlotCssStyling.txt.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestAutomationTestDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/bugtracker/BugTrackerLocalServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/coercers/extenders/TestCaseLibraryNodePathEdgeExtender.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/dialog_sides_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/importer/ImportSummary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/sr.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/jquery.squash.datepicker.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementLibraryModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/arta.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fo.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateUsersGroupDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-table-tc.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/work_in_progressmediumok.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/parameters/NewParameterModel.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/HierarchyCreator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/common-import-outer-frame-layout.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/hu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pyramidRenderer.min.js.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/jsp-templates.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.pack.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shading.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/adapters/jquery.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/distribution/src/main/liquibase/distributed-db-data.sql.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/decorate-buttons.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement-hierarchy.xls.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.5.2.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/authz/authorized.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/DataSourceConfig.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bookmark_folder.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/testautomation/TATestNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionNumberComparator.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/scayt/dialogs/options.js.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/CLNBeforeDetach.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/lt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestSuiteModel.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseFinder.java.i
data/distribution/README.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionDaoIT.should find all requirements versions by id.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/alarm.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ruler_triangle.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementPathEdge.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/attachment/AttachmentContent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/project-filter/ProjectFilterPopup.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/core/api/repository/SqlQueryRunnerIT.should select all active core users.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/jqplot-ext/jqplot.squash.iterationGridRenderer.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionModificationServiceIT.3executions.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/js/thymol.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/RunExecutionException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_MsgHome.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/openXML/linq.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/BoundToNotSelectedTestSuite.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/thymeleaf/processor/attr/SquashTogglePanelAttrProcessor.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/TestSuiteTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/textarea.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_rar.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/AutomatedSuiteManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/datepicker-auto.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/photo_album.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldValue.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/JsonHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation-servers-manager/TestAutomationServersTableView.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/TestSuiteModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/users/UserProjectPermissionsBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_pdf.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/def_cat_functional.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/de.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ui_combo_box.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/IdentifiersOrderComparator.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_a8a8a8_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_glass_55_f8da4e_1x400.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementNodeWalkerIT.groovy.i
data/provision/src/main/config/services/org.squashtest.csp.tm.reporting.contentdisposition.properties.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TreeNodeCopier.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/ActionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_User.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/IssueDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ParameterInstructionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/datepicker-manager.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/_translationstatus.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/pt-br.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/requirement-version-editor.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryFinderService.java.i
data/provision/src/main/config/services/tm.test.automation.server.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/GenericDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/LibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/query/hibernate/ReportCriterion.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/feature/FeatureManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionNumberComparator.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/CustomCustomFieldManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestSuiteStatistics.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/navbar.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomPartyPreferenceDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/af.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/VerifyingTestCaseManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.mekkoRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/AbstractRequirementEventPublisher.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestCaseFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/home-workspace.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/omg_smile.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/permissions-rules.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_zip.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_error.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/editor_ie8.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionIT.3executions.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/BugTrackerStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/iframe/dialogs/iframe.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/ieo-toolbox.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/AttributeRegister.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/scripts/squash/jquery.squashtm.linkabletree.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/approvedlowok.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/wand.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationTest.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/hibernate-with-indexer.properties.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/ProjectPicker.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementFolderDaoIT.should not retrieve deleted content.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/requirement/IllegalRequirementModificationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/CampaignLibraryTreeNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/PasswordChangeFailedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/SingleSelectFieldModel.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/resources/i18n/messages_en.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/info-list/info-list-modification.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/gu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/jqPlotOptions.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-case-statistics/status-pie.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/TestSuiteNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_MsgHome_small.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Bugtracker_off.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.8.4.custom.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchMultiSelectProjectWidget.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/umbrella.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.purple.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/ExportTestStepData.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/blog.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/user.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/notification-pane.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sk.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateClientDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/event/DeleteCustomFieldBindingEvent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/MilestoneAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedTestDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/editor.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/momentjs/moment-with-locales.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugtrackerControllerHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/localization/LocalizationServiceController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceIT.should create a suite with custom fields.expected.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/toolbar_start.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_tile_horizontal.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_osx_terminal.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/IndexBasedMapper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/CUFBridgeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/domain/TestAutomationSuite.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/GenericJsTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/yui.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bookmark_book.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestStepVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-workspace-todelete/x-import-links-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/attachment-manager-fragment.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step cause no step for tester.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/newspaper.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectManagerServiceIT.should copy template settings.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/is.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery.gridster.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/table.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/campaigns-dashboard/campaign-dashboard-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/testautomation/execution/dto/ExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestAutomationProjectManager.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/test/groovy/dummy.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseImportanceLabelFormatterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCategory.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/workspace/workspace-fragment.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-case-workspace/tc-tree-menu.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/CustomFieldAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/bugtrackers/show-bugtrackers.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/approvedvery_highko.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CallStepManagerService.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/resources/META-INF/i18n/testwizards_fr.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableDrawParametersPagingAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseSearchExportCSVModelImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.form.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/report/std/service/DataFilteringService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/paste_word.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/railscasts.css.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/requirements/requirement-version-editor.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Home_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/services/UnsupportedFormatException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignLibraryDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste folder with test-cases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-values/lib/cuf-values-utils.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/styles/styles/default.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/link_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/requirement/RequirementAlreadyVerifiedException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseFolderModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/service/TestAutomationFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/ocm-based-spec-repository.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.general.dbsetup.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/steps/step-table-panel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jquery/jquery-2.1.1.min.map.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/NullPropertySetter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/test-cases-executions.tag.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerLocalException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-help.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/annotation/ApplicationComponent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/under_reviewhighok.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/TestStepDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/hibernate/SortingUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/optionsTutorial.txt.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-security.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.menubar.js.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/PageCollectionHolderWrapper.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/resources/mantis-bugmessages_fr.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.barRenderer.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/bugtracker/BugTrackersLocalServiceIT_Disabled.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/RunExecutionException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.shouldDeleteAndReorderCTPI.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/IdentifiersOrderComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/requirements-components/requirement-version-editor.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignStatisticsServiceIT.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/adobeair/plugin.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/TeamModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/access/AccessRuleBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/star_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/sl.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/ParameterNamesFinder.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.0-add-automated-tests.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/LookupStrategyConfigIT.should read no acl on an object identity for a user.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationProjectFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/spi/exceptions/UnreadableResponseException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/LockedFileInferenceGraph.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectTemplateManagerIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/hr.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/resources/binaries/xls.zip.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/SpringSecurityUserContextServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/teams-manager/TeamsManager.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/hql/HqlSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/TemplateMismatchException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/eye.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/he.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/templates/images/template3.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/users/UserAccountController.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-0.15.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseFolderModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/CustomFieldBindingController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/slides_stack.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/users/show-users.jsp.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/skin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/MethodArgumentNotValidExceptionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/bugtracker/BugTrackerFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone-0.9.10.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsonCustomReportDashboardBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/MultiSelectFieldValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementLibrariesCrudService.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.4.1-test.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/resources/mantis-bugmessages.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/service/AlreadyMappedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/ProjectResource.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/classic/Thumbs.db.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDaoIT.should return list of copies in folder.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/UserLoginForm.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/squashtable.defaults.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squash.tree-page-resizer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ru.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/AdvancedSearchServiceIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementVersionSearchExportCSVModelImpl.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseFolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/LoginDoNotExistException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/query/hibernate/HibernateQueryFlavor.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_75_2b2b2b_1x400.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/attachment-display.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/package-info.java.d
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/mini.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.formdialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/searchinterface/LevelComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/DriveNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/backbone-template.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/WritableCampaignCSVModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/verified-requirements-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/handlebars/handlebars-1.0.rc.1.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/devil_smile.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/lightbulb.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/TestPlanItemUnauthorizedExecutionException.java.i
data/tm/config/src/main/resources/services/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web.uploadfilter.config.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/AuditLogInterceptor.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/resources/i18n/messages_de.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/workspace.sessionStorage.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDeletionDao.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/DateInputDefinition.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/functions.less.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/shades_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Search_History.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/users.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/user/NewUserRequest.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/import-req-tc-links-excel-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/ObjectAccessController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/DatasetMappingIT.groovy.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.5.1-2.xml.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/TextInputDefinition.java.i
data/tm/config/src/main/resources/services/squash.tm.cfg.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_div.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-suites/test-suite-test-plan-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/lt.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/issues/bugtracker-nav-button.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/common.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/bugtracker/BugTrackersLocalServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/add-attachment-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/underscore/underscore-1.4.4.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/AutomatedExecutionViewUtils.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/DisabledAclSpecConfig.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customreport/CustomReportTreeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/LevelEnumBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/TemplateColumnUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryGraph.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/liquibase/distribution.changelog-upgrade-to-0.15.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_move_front.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/assets/uilanguages/languages.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonTestCaseTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchTextfieldWidget.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceIT.1suite.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find ids of test cases called by several test cases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIssueDaoIT.should return sorted issues.xml.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/bin/startup.bat.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/iterations-dashboard/iteration-dashboard-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/UberCustomPersistenceProvider.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/ws/squashtm.workspace.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/VerifiedRequirementsManagerControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/security/SquashUserDetailsManagerProxyFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/Authorizations.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/CoverageInstruction.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customeditors/BugTrackerPropertyEditorSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/views/folderView.js.i
data/database.h2.fragment/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/approvedhighok.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/query/ReportQueryFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/security/UserContextHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomIterationModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_paste.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/camera.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/si.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/requirement/IllegalRequirementVersionCreationException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-plan-management/BatchAssignUsersDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/log4j.properties.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/CheckboxesGroup.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/envelope.png.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/internal/service/InsecureTestAutomationManagementService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/servlet/DelegatingServletContextListenerMulticasterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldValueModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseFinder.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/BugTrackerContext.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementPropertyChangeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAttachmentContentDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectFilterModificationServiceIT. should update project filter projects list.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/editor_ie.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/PassThroughIdsCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/info-list-manager/InfoListsTable.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementImporterIT_Disabled.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/pill.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignModificationController.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressAbstractDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/BugtrackerDataTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/cross_octagon.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.8.1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/magicline/images/hidpi/icon.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/eye.png.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/CRLNBeforeDelete.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/QueryPlannerIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/batchimport/testcase/phantom-cells.xlsx.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pyramidRenderer.min.js.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/CustomMethodHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/AdvancedSearchController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomTestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/RequirementVersionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/cs.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.donutRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation/TestAutomationRemover.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-case-workspace/tc-delete-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-add-popup.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/java/lang/generics/GenericSubclass.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/camp-search-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/DenormalizedFieldValueDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/it.js.i
data/provision/src/main/config/services/org.squashtest.csp.core.datasource.jdbc.config.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.session-pinger.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/ro.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerTransactionSystemExceptionResolverTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/sq.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/campaign/CampaignMappingIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/sprites_ie6.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/EmptyCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/EntityType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customreport/CustomReportNavigationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/images/hidpi/lock.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/weather_snow.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/datejs/date-fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/def_cat_business.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/FilterPlanner.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchMultiAutocompleteWidget.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_75_e6e6e6_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/mn.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldOption.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/popups/init-all.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTeamDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/jpql/ExtendedHibernateQuery.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/ExportDaoIT.should create models.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomBugTrackerModificationService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerBindingDaoIT.should delete bugtrackerBinding.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/school_book.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomCampaignModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/docco.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateEntityDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jstree/JsTreeNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/nullpx.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/info-list-manager.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_indent.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/issues/bugtracker-panel-empty.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationService.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/TestAutomationTaskExecutor.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.campaignPlusTestplan.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/oauth/TestController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomFieldBindingDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/dialog/assets/my_dialog.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/typography.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/hr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestoneTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/PseudoDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/NotAutomatedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/dashboard.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/definition/RemoteProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/omg_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/dialog/dialogDefinition.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project f+c+i+s + cufs + execs.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/RequirementLibraryTreeNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/emoticon_smile.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/ZipCorruptedException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/servlet/DelegatingServletContextListenerMulticasterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/attachment/AttachmentManagerController.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/DefaultPaging.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/users/PasswordChangeForm.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/jquery.squash.datepicker.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/wizardRouter.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/oauth/AuthenticationProviderImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layout_select_content.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/sprites.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_letterspacing.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/attachment-manager-fragment.jsp.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/IdentifiedComparator.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/ExecutionsTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/report/squashtm.report.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/infrastructure/filter/FilteredCollectionHolder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/reports/edit-report.jsp.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/jasperreports/execution-progression-view0_campaign_iterations.jrxml.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-0.23.0.sql.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/NodeReference.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/jasperreports/execution-progression-view0.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/input/ok.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_source.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-treepopups-todelete/import-req-tc-links-excel-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/viewmapping/AtViews.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/NamedQueryListOfEntitiesFinderHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerBugTrackerRemoteExceptionResolver.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/users/Team.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/chart_pie.png.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/automatest/TestAutomationServer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/ko.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/autogrow/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_MsgLogin_small.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/th.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/customField/CustomFieldBindingModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/StatusFactory.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/combo/OptionTag.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/logo_squash_outline_7_small.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_469bdd_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/pom.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/FolderModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerNoCredentialsException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/project/ProjectFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/ca.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/contextual-report.html.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/InsecureTestAutomationManagementService.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Action.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/Picker.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_inset-hard_100_f5f8f9_1x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateIssueDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonDataset.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/VerifiedRequirementException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/EmptyCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pyramidAxisRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/openedentity/ObjectViewsInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/FormToCriteriaConverterTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find the calling test cases.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/filter/HtmlSanitizationFilter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/excel/NullMandatoryValueException.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreationEventPublisherAspect.aj.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/search.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/hibernate/IsRunningCampaignCriterion.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/iterations/show-iteration-test-plan-manager.jsp.i
data/osgi-integration-tests/src/main/java/test/squashtest/core/api/repository/SqlQueryRunnerIT.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/DateInput.java.i
data/provision/src/main/config/services/log4j.properties.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDeletionDaoIt.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/bs.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.14.0.xml.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/advanceddomain/AdvancedProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-values/information-panels-handlers.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/HttpRequestFactoryTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.should delete testSuites.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/def_cat_security.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/templates/images/template1.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/steps/AbstractTestStepView.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.datatables.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/AttachmentContentDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseExecutionMode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/basic-objects/jqplot-view.js.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/Sorting.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/XmlBuilderIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/reporting_dashboard.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/CoercerRepository.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/SinglePageCollectionHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseBridgeRequirements.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/FeedbackMultipartPopup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-case-search-result.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/nl.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_update_core_attribute_ko.xls.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/BindableEntity.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/sv.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/IterationFormModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/remoteapi/execution/dto/TestExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/treePopup.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/ParameterDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/security/acls/PermissionGroup.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseBridgeCreatedOn.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_div.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestStepsTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestSuite.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_music_playlist.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/ku.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/CustomReportTreeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/th.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/VerifiedRequirementsFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement_Undefined.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/i18n/MessageObject.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/SearchServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerGenericValidation.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-1.5.2.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file.png.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/Report.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/BugTrackerConfig.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestSuiteMenu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/openedentity/IterationViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/EnumJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.5.2.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/default.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/datepicker-manager.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/LevelComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/.editorconfig.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/sample_posteddata.php.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_xml.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/rest/ExecutionRestController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/LibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibrariesCrudServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/editor_gecko.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/DatasetMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/project-active.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_f3e0ff_256x240.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/about/dialogs/logo_ckeditor.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/fa.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementTarget.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.should copy-paste a TestSuite and rename it.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/plugin.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Task.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementStatusComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/noimage.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace/show-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/attach.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaigns/show-campaign-test-plan-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseLibraryModificationController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/CampaignNodeDeletionHandlerIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestStepVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/NodeContainer.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_address.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/unfinished-execution-preview-page.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/inbox.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/SimpleEntryConverter.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.orange.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/RequirementNodeDeletionHandlerIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/popups/add-folder-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/icon-lib-item-icon.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/TestCaseIssueFinderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/tabletools/dialogs/tableCell.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/UserForm.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/jdbc/DerivedPermissionsManagerIt.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/preferences/HomeContentValues.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomTestCaseModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/report-workspace.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/event/RequirementAuditor.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchTextFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementParserImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.mini.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/user/LoginDoNotExistException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionExtender.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/advanceddomain/InputType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/IterationNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/hql/SingleOwned.groovy.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/DefaultPagingAndSorting.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/ColumnHeaderNotFoundException.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/mantisconnect-1.2.11.wsdl.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/ReportType.java.i
data/database/src/main/script/MakeChartColumns.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateEntityDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/arrow_out.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/statistics-panel-content.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDaoIT.should return list of cuf ordered by name.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/ProjectFilterDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/InheritableAclsObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/icon-library.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/DefaultTestAutomationServerFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/GenericLibraryNode.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/en.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/bugtracker/mantis/MantisConnectorConfig.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/resources/ocm-based-spec-repository.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/rocket.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_source.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/ChangedProperty.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/cf/CustomFieldModificationView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-workspace-todelete/x-export-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/et.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/MainQueryPlanner.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/status_online.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/ProjectAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/tree/TreeLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Iteration_16.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/PrivateCustomFieldValueServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/CustomRequirementVersionManagerService.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicDaoFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfields/CustomFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletableMixin.aj.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/specialchar.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.fragmenttabs.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/RenderingLocation.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/main-menubar.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/deletion/NotDeletablePreviewReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shield.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Permission.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/home/welcome-message.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.trendline.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/EmptyTestSuiteTestPlanException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestStepDaoIT.should find string in tc steps.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pyramidGridRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/uk.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/infrastructure/StubValidatorFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/ExecutionHasNoRunnableStepException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/CannotCopyNodeException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/ChartIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/TestSuiteViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/styles.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/books.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/ro.js.i
data/tools/tools.annotation.processor/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/ColumnPrototypeMixin.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/throbber.gif.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/InfoListItem.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedTestDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/dialog.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SoftDeletedLoaderAspect.aj.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sv.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/where/Parent.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/domain/InheritableAclsObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/sl.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/testcase/TestCaseBoundRequirementsStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/crown_bronze.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step because all execs have no step.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_picture.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/marker.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image/dialogs/image.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.cpgFolderHierarchy.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/dashboard/campaign-milestones-dashboard-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/IdentifiedComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/SubTreeNode.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonExecutionInfo.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationManagementServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/noicon.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste a requirement into itself.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/structure.less.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.donutRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/NodeClassNameReader.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/compass.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerProjectDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/eo.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/iteration-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/es.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/audit/RequirementAuditTrailServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/README.txt.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/dto/ReqCoverageByTestRequirementSingleDto.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/tm-ta-osgi-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/IterationViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/user-page.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/popup/cancel-button.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomFieldBindingFinderService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/BugTrackersLocalService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/CustomFieldBindingModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/library/NameAlreadyExistsAtDestinationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/infolist/DenormalizedInfoListManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_text_image.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedTest.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/call-step-tree.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/testautomation/TAProjectContentListBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squash.fragmenttabs.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-treepopups-todelete/copy-paste-node.tag.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/dto/ExProgressIterationDto.java.i
data/tm/config/src/main/resources/services/squash-jetty.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/AdministrableProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementModificationService.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/bnd.bnd.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/styles/styles/default.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseModificationController.java.rej.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/file-upload/jquery.squash.attachmentsDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/page-components/general-information-panel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_photoshop.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_star.png.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/testautomation/execution/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/DatasetSheetColumn.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation/server-manager.js.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/RadioButtonsGroup.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/ChangedProperty.java.i
data/tools/org.squashtest.csp.tools.unittest/src/test/groovy/dummy.txt.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.grey.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find requirements by name token.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/ko.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementVersionAdvancedSearchService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/TestCaseImporterIT.setup.cufs.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/services/JasperReportsServiceException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation-servers-manager/NewTestAutomationServerDialogView.js.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/RLNAfterAttach.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/SubTreeNode.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/ug.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/flash/images/placeholder.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibrariesCrudServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/TestPlanTerminatedOrNoStepsException.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/IterationTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_php4.php.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/RequirementLibrarySelectionStrategyImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/resources/mantisconnect.wsdl.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-cases/show-call-step-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/dialog_ie8.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CampaignFolderDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.blue-green.css.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicdao/DummyEntity.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/basic-objects/model-cache.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ExecutionStepDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/sr-latn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_kerning.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/tablemodels/RequirementSearchResultDataTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementVersionCategoryComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/entityStepView.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementFolderTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/textfield.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/BuildAbsoluteId.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/pojoaque.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugtrackerControllerHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/wizard/scopeStep.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/FacilityImplHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-icons_ff01fc_256x240.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/core/messages_en.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomCustomReportLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomReportDashboardDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/ArchiveReaderFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignTestPlanManagerService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/report/ReportWorkspaceController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/LevelComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sort_rating.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/mini.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/import-requirements-stylesheet.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/zh.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/RequirementVersionSearchInterfaceDescription.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.should cascade delete on attachments.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/jquery.jqplot.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/internal/tasks/FetchTestListTaskTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/fi.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/ieo/ieo-main-page.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/user/StubChefAccountService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/MimeType.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Campaign_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ruler_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/project-tabs/info-list-binding.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationFinderServiceIT.3executions.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignTestPlanManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_p.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/r.js.d
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/spring/HibernateConfigurationIT_Disabled.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/th.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/InconsistentMultiValuedEntryException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/popups/export-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/images/arrow.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drive_disk.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/_translationstatus.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/report/ReportController.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/CHANGES.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/hammer.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.blue.less.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseCountParametersBridge.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.13.0.feat-5493.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/scayt/dialogs/options.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementAuditEventDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-step-editor/TestStepModificationView.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/ieo-fragment-step-information.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/users/user-permission-popup.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseNodeWalkerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/ExcelWorkbookParser.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bomb.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/toolbar_start.gif.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-0.23.0.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDeletionDaoIT.should delete custom field.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/TaParameterBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/rule-checking/squash-checkstyle.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/switchButton/jquery.switchButton.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/resources/log4j.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sport_raquet.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/sv.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/TestPlanItemNotExecutableException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/StepInstructionBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/GenericNodeManagementService.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/FileParameter.java.i
data/osgi-integration-tests/bnd.bnd.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find test cases by requirement name token.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-campaign-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/core/core.changelog-0.20.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.rangedatepicker.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/envelope.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTable10ErrorModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/CustomFieldTransator.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move from folder to library-result.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/link/images/anchor.gif.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/rule-checking/squash-findbugs.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/es.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignTestPlanItemDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCase.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_break.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/lt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squash.attributeparser.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/zh.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseImportanceJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/template.mf.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-bugtracker.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/milestone/CustomMilestoneManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAttachmentListDao.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/api/infrastructure/Internationalizable.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/fragment-tab-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/wand.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.paired testcase requirement.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.green.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/DefaultValueRequiredException.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/spi/OslcBugTrackerConnectorProvider.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_dvd.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/tasks/FetchTestListTask.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/squashtree.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AttachmentContentDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/ImportRequirementTestCaseLinksSummaryImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/picker_mask.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sk.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/StepScheduler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/server.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/def_cat_technic.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/infolist/InfoListFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CRLNCopierTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/zh.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/PreventConcurrentAspect.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/arrow_right.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/ta-jenkins-context.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_png.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Campaign.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/importer/ImportHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/requirements/requirement-version-editor.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/users/UsersGroup.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/campaign/CampaignStatisticsBundle.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icone_Campagne.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/projection_screen_present.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementVersionAdvancedSearchServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/execution-status.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/highlighter.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/coercers/TestCaseLibraryIdsCoercerForList.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateInfoListItemDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/info-list-manager.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/IssueList.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/api/repository/NamedParamsUniqueResultExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.squash.jeditable.custom.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement_Performance.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/NodeReference.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/UnallowedTestAssociationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/utils/DateUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/ProjectsPermissionManagementService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/def_cat_use-case.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/edit-test-step.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/ieo/ieo-execute-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/info-list-item-icon-GENERATOR.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.8.7.custom.purple.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/main-template.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/slides.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ru.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.categoryAxisRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/data/web/internal/model/jquery/DataTableModelTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Requirement_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/television.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/control_repeat.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/disk.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_lightning.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/audit/AuditableSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/wizardView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.report.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestTestCase.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/plugins/continuous-shift-select-plugin.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dateformat.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/blueprint_horizontal.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementModificationServiceIT.should successfully rename a requirement.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/project/ProjectTemplateFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/general-error.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_flat_75_aaaaaa_40x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/charts/customReportPieView.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/datepicker-manager.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/widget/DataTablesController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/da.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_750021_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/plugin.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_workspace-button-bugtracker.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CampaignLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/DefaultValueRequiredException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/filter/UserConcurrentRequestLockFilter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/km.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/validation/ValidatorFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/rosette.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.jeditable.custom.js.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/exception/InvalidUrlException.java.i
data/.hgtags.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/images/spacer.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementTestCaseLinkParser.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDaoIT.campaign with test plan.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tlds/string-utils.tld.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/report-issue-popup/oslc-view-template.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/spring/HibernateConfigurationIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/README.md.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/RichTextField.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablefilter/SoftDeletableCollectionPersister.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/projets.jasper.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/AdministrationStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/customfield/CustomFieldBindingFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drink.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignWorkspaceController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/sr-latn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icone_Execution.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ProjectTemplateDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/cross_shield_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/link/dialogs/link.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/old-it-log4j.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/blog.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.less.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/BuildTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/parameters/DatasetsTable.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/import-cas-test.zip.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/CustomFieldHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/ProjectResource.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/testautomation/HibernateAutomatedExecutionExtenderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/TaParametersBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/fi.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/impl/ZipCorruptedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/concurrent/EntityLockManager.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/i18n/Labelled.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ms.js.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/query/NoQuery.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreationEventPublisherAspect.aj.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/hibernate/HibernateRequirementCoverageByTestsQuery.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonStepInfo.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CompositeException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/infolist/InfoListBindingManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/ChangedPropertyJsonDecorator.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/autogrow/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/find.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/pl.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/templates.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/UploadProgress.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/EasyConstructorResultTransformer.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStatus.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/tr.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomTestSuiteModificationService.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.11.0-feat-1108.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestExecutionStepStub.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/r.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drive_link.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/TestCaseViewInterceptor.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.4.0.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/PartyPreferenceIT.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/picker_thumb.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseNatureJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/authz/notAuthorized.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/IdsCoercerAdapter.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.13.1-ACL-Custom-Report.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateGenericProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/sq.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-manager.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAttachmentDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/package-info.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/requirement-coverage-overview.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/NameAlreadyInUseException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/report-workspace.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseImportanceManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/AutomatedExecutionExtenderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/CodeAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/ExcelTestCaseParserImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/ExportTestCaseData.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/TestCaseExecutionRunnerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_aling_left.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.orange.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/custom-report-workspace-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/es.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryPluginBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablewhere/SoftDeletableCollectionPersister.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/services/JasperReportsServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablewhere/SoftDeleteAssociationTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/UserProjectPermissionsBean.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/iframedialog/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/README.md.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/PrivateCustomFieldValueServiceIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/campaign/IterationMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_edit.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/pipette.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-cases-management/parameters/NewDatasetModel.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/ParameterModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-cases/test-cases-dashboard.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ReportServiceIT.should generate list of ExProgressProjectDto.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/report_time.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/configuration/DefaultTestAutomationServerFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableFilterSorter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/login-page.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/static/test-case_import_template_zip.xls.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/net/AuthenticationCredentials.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/NodeContainerVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/search/ExpandedTestCase.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/searchinterface/SearchInputInterfaceModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/ExcludeRequestInterceptorWrapper.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectModificationServiceIT_Disabled.groovy.i
data/core/core.jasperreports.fragment/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/report/fonts/fonts.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementVersionManagerServiceIT.should change requirement criticality.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.grey.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/noimage.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.1.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker-manager/show-bugtracker/show-bugtracker-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/ManagementMode.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/BoundEntityDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/arrow_right.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/GlobalSearchController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/female.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_blockquote.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/requirement/RequirementVersionNotLinkableException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/spring/CompositeDelegatingParameterNameDiscoverer.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/RequirementAlreadyVerifiedException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.generateId.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignNodeDeletionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/CustomReportLibraryNodePathEdge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestIterationStub.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/StubCustomPermissionEvaluator.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/replacebycode.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/hand_point.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/category-panel.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/templates.css.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/jasperreports/requirement-coverage_projects.jrxml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/noimage.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.contextual-content.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/SimpleMapping.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/archive/ZipReaderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationProjectDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move folder with requirements.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedSuiteDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/infolist/InfoListItemManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/iterations/iteration-test-plan-row.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/popups/delete-node-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirements/show-verifying-testcase-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/group.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/tree/CustomReportLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/testautomation/testcase-script-elt-structure.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/testautomation/UserAndServerDefinedAlreadyException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find test cases by requirement categories.xml.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/CLNBeforeDelete.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/si.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/ReportsRegistryTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/resources/mantisconnect-1.2.9.wsdl.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationServerManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/CHANGES.md.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/highlight.pack.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/PartyPermissionDatatableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/TestAutomationConnectorTask.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_pdf.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementSearchCriteria.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/BoundToLockedMilestonesReport.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/AbstractRequirementEventPublisher.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/impl/ArchiveReaderFactoryImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.1.8.1.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/smiley_cry.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/LibraryPluginBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/RunnerState.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/AutomatedSuiteManagementController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonInfoListItem.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/ReportsRegistry.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/CallTestStepTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_vector.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/oauth/AAAUserAuthenticationProvider.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerBindingDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/images/close.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_freehand.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-1.5.2.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/RequirementNodeDeletionHandlerIT.should cascade delete.milestones.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-values/lib/jquery.staticCustomfield.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.should create a suite with custom fields.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/ta-jenkins-osgi-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.dialog-patch.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomRequirementModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/de.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/transmit.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layout_header_footer_3.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-management/infos/GeneralInfosPanel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/heart_small.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/LockedFileInferenceGraph.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceDbunitIT.should create a suite with custom fields.expected.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/QueryBuilder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/logstatus.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/InconsistentDateFormatException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/iteration-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignTestPlanItemTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/GenericNodeManagementServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/archive/Entry.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_tif.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SetParamIdsParametersCallback.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/treemenu/permissions-utils.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/AuditableBridgeCreatedOn.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.switchButton.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/InternationalisableLabelFormatter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/LockedFileInferenceGraphTest.groovy.i
data/tools/org.squashtest.csp.tools.unittest/org.squashtest.csp.tools.unittest.iml.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicdao/NoSuperclassDummyDao.java.i
data/provision/wizard.campagneepargne-1.0.0.RELEASE-SNAPSHOT.jar.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/noimage.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Config_small.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/images.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldValue.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/ajax-loader-16x16.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/ug.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_01ff73_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/user/LoginAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/CompositeInvocationHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/fragment-tabs.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/mouse.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_html.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/audittrail/RequirementAuditTrailController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/lt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/popups/init-all.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/envelope.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/docxgen/docxgen.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionAttachmentBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomPartyPreferenceDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/VerifyingTestCaseManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/spi/BadConfiguration.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/control_rewind.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/microphone.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/statistics-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/service/AutomatedSuiteManagerServiceTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/dialogs/placeholder.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Requirement_Functional.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/sprites.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/preview/preview.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/InheritableAclsObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/NoValuesCustomFieldHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomReportLibraryNodeServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryTreeTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/spring/view/jasperreports/JasperReportsGraphic2DView.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/squash-tm-servlet.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to other project-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.bindviewformdialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/lightbulb.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_cplusplus.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/Entry.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/utils/UriUtils.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/BugTrackerDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/IdentifiersOrderComparatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Search_History_Blue.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementTestCaseLinkParserImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/milestone-manager.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/CachableType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/EnumJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/hibernate/BelowDateCriterion.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/TestSuiteModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/Gruntfile.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/dialogs/docprops.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/jquery.squash.datepicker-auto.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/resources/persistent-repository.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/layout/sub-page-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/note.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/FolderSupportTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/SubTreeNode.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-libraries/show-test-case-library.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/PermissionGroup.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/comboFilters.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.green.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/ObjectAccessController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/GenericProjectMixin.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/user/PartyPreferenceServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/workspace.permissions-rules-broker.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/UnknownColumnDef.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_edit.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/StringPathMapTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-binding/popupDelete.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/report.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/user_black_female.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/NoVerifiableRequirementVersionException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/control_eject.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/editor.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/QueryDslMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-workspace.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCase.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Home_off.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Action.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignModificationServiceIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/SuperMasterView.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/jquery.squash.datepicker-auto.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_convert.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/UrlParserTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sound.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h2.png.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/testautomation/execution/dto/TestExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/project/ProjectPluginModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/ImportSummaryImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/IterationTestPlanItemTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/CategoryExecutionPhase.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/StepActionPropSetterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseImportanceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ExecutionProcessingServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/user/AdministrationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_excel_table.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedFieldVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace/campaign-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCategory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/weather_rain.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/resources/mantis-bugmessages.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layers.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/images/noimage.png.i
data/tools/org.squashtest.csp.tools.unittest/src/main/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tools/unittest/hibernate/HibernateOperationCategory.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_osx.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/de.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/QuerydslToolboxTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestAutomationPicker.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/es.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/utils/CollectionComparisonUtils.groovy.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/net/AuthenticationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_ff01fc_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layout.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.table-collapser.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchMultiselectWidget.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/RadioButtonsGroup.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.wine.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedTestServerMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.dragable.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/LookupStrategyConfigIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/utils.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NodeDeletionDaoTest.should remove a test case from its folder.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/testcase/CustomTestStepModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/status_online.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/net/CallbackURL.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sort_price.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/yui/assets/picker_thumb.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/PermissionEvaluationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_dropcaps.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAutomatedSuiteDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/calculator.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/ActionValidationErrorModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_aling_bottom.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_add.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/coercers/extenders/CampaignLibraryNodePathEdgeExtender.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/ka.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignFinder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementVersionManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/IdentifiersOrderComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/inlinebycode.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectFilterModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace/show-campaign-test-plan-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/iframe-layout.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomTestCaseModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.popuperror.js.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/SquashTM.Readme.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/bg.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste tc with parameters and datasets.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/templates/images/template2.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/UnsecuredAutomatedTestManagerService.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/IsoDateUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sport_basketball.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/DynamicManagerInterfaceSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/SyncRequirementCreation.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_TestCase_off.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/FormToCriteriaConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/EntityReference.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/templates/test-case-executions-tab.html.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/ParameterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/crown_bronze.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirement-workspace/show-requirement.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/house.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_music.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementLibraryNodeDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/CustomTestCaseModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/to_be_updatedlowok.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/cd.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableDrawParametersPagingAdapter.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.13.5.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/widgets/search_widget_registry.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomBugTrackerModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/folder.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-suites/edit-test-suite.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.should disassociate a test case from test plans and execution.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_jpg.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseFolderModificationController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/info-page-layout.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.fg.menu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/images/handle.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/viewmapping/AtViews.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/LibraryTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/def_cat_ergonomic.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/audit/RequirementAuditTrailService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Reporting_off.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/commondomain/CommonUser.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-modification.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/icons_rtl.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/search/test-case-search-result.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_excel.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/StringPathMapTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAdministrationDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_osx.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/net/CallbackURL.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/step-information-toolbox.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/atelier-seaside.dark.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/AdministrationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/TestCaseExportModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.plugin.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerBugTrackerRemoteException.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/ListItemReference.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/FindByIdHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/DenormalizedFieldValueDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseLibraryFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/ExcelTestCaseParserImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/oauth/OauthController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/delete-contextual-node-dialog.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/ColumnPrototypeModificationIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/wizard/missingStep.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CampaignTestPlanManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/attachment/Attachment.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bullet_add_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/1license.txt.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/PseudoDao.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/mantis-bugmessages_fr.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/km.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/nb.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryGraph.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/TestAutomationFindingController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/PropertyPathConstraintViolationHandler.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/LoginDoNotExistException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/squash.wreqr.init.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/datasource-context.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/reset.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/jdbc/DerivedPermissionsManager.setup.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ko.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_gif.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/TestCaseLibraryMerger.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/DynamicServiceConfig.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/OptionAlreadyExistException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/openXML/ltxml.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/query/ReportQuery.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/validation/NotNullValidatorAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts-render-test.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/IterationFormModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/CustomField.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/javascript/helper/SpecHelper.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/en.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/skin/editor.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationTestPlanManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/attachment-tab.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/core/core-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseSearchExportCSVModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/popups/rename-node-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/star_1.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sport_shuttlecock.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/dto/ReqCoverageByTestProjectDto.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisInterfaceDescriptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/textarea.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/id.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/dialogs/image2.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/iteration/IterationStatisticsBundle.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignTestPlanManagerService.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.5.1.sql.i
data/tm/config/src/main/resources/services/org.squashtest.csp.core.datasource.jdbc.config.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/sl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/xcode.css.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/templates/images/template3.gif.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/star_2.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/sprites.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/Input.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestSuiteManager.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/fragments-utils/various-headers.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/datatables.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/icons/mathjax.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-cases-dashboard/status-pie.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/ajaxcall.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/test-suite-statistics-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ui_slider_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/jpql/QueryDslExtensions.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.mekkoAxisRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/NameAlreadyInUseException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/steps/TestStepViewFromExec.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/tabindex.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_blank.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/popups/import-excel-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/ping/PingController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/DataTableMapper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squash.dateutils.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/ku.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/layout_split_vertical.png.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/internal/thread/FetchTestListFuture.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_freehand.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/milestone/MilestoneMember.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/domain/DatabaseBackedObjectIdentityGeneratorStrategy.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/exception/RunExecutionException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/feed_ballon.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/bugtracker/bugtracker-panel-content.jsp.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/META-INF/COPYING.txt.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/NoVerifiableRequirementVersionException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project f+c-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-plan-panel/exec-runner.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/authentication/login.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/id.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/hibernate/BlobUserType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/pill.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_view_detail.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/milestone/milestone-binding.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationTestPlanManagerServiceIT.1execution.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/DatasetModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestAutomationManagementService.java.i
data/provision/src/main/config/services/org.squashtest.csp.tm.hibernate.config.properties.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_6eac2c_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/uicolor/uicolor.html.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.jstree.ext.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find the calling test cases.xml.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/TextInput.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/solarized_light.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/tab.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/GatherTestListTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/images/refresh.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/UnknownConnectorKind.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/GenericProject.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/sqldelete/Child.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/googlecode.css.i
data/tools/tools.annotation.processor/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/tools/annotation/processor/DynamicComponentProcessor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/ClientModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/iterations/edit-iteration.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseLibraryDaoIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/ExcelTestCaseParserImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/TestCaseLibraryTreeNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-case-workspace/tc-import-links-dialog.tag.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933-1-init.xml.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/tm-ta-osgi-context.xml.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/BTProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/cy.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignTestPlanItemDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/UserModificationServiceIT.should deassociate user to team result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/textfield_rename.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/IllegalExecutionStatusException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_horizontalrule.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/rest/RestExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/AccessDenied.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_excel.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/HibernateMappingSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/TestPlanTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/hr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/issues/bugtracker-panel-debug.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/AbstractRequirementPropertyChangeEventBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/textfield.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/CustomReportLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/popups/rename-node-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/UnallowedTestAssociationException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/StubPermissionEvaluationService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/OpenedEntities.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/project/CustomProjectModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/HttpBasedStepSequence.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStep.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/nl.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/users/TeamMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/wro.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/hu.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/_html-tree.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.deletiontest.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/campaigns/edit-campaign.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/FieldValidationErrorModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/LockedFolderInferenceTree.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages_en.properties.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.9.10-test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/ProjectTemplate.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/users/user-permission-popup.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/book_previous.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisInterfaceDescriptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/TreeNodeCopier.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/dialog/dialog.html.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.5.2-test.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/testCaseTreeIcons.css.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.9.10.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/def_cat_business.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/DenormalizedSystemListItem.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/TestAutomationServerDaoIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/CustomFieldBindingDaoIT.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/library-tree.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableModelBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/StringPathMap.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/IssueOwnership.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/execute-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/BindView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/messagebox_confirm.png.i
data/core/core.wizard.api/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/campaigns/camp-search-result.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementVersionModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-campaign-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/collection/SortingOrderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibraryNodeVisitor.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/service/ReportServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/project/ProjectTemplateManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/book_open.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/is/is.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/DatasetModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisExceptionConverter.java.i
data/database/src/main/script/chart-column-prototypes.sql.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.external caller test case.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignTestPlanItemTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/searchinterface/SearchInputInterfaceHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/free_tag_list.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/PartyPreferenceDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/requirement-search-input.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Version.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/model/ObjectAclService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/book.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/squash.jeditable.ext.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_75_d0e5f5_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/RequirementDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_tux.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/hibernate/BelowDateCriterion.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomRequirementVersionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/arrow_refresh.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/wtf.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletableMixinAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/info-list-item-icon.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugtrackerModificationController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/test/resources/test-log4j.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldValueModel.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/utils/SkipAll.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/bullet_add_1.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/shape_aling_top.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/i18n/MessageObject.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/IsoDateUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/CustomFieldBindingManagementController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/af.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.datatables.v2.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/AuditableBridgeCreatedBy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/dialog_iequirks.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/validation/constraint/UniqueItems.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/direction.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/custom-report-workspace.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/TestCaseLibraryMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldBindingModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/config/application-h2.properties.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testautomation/TestAutomationManagementController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/templates/menubar.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bookmark_document.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/disconnect.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/GetBuildID.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/structure-configurable-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/basic-objects/donut-view.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/bugtracker-dialog.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/editor.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/api/repository/TemplateNamedParamsExecution.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/VerificationCriterionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/iterations/show-iteration-test-plan-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/pl.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/testautomation/TestAutomationProjectRegistrationForm.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/audit/RequirementAuditTrailServiceIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste folder with requirements.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementModificationServiceIT.should successfully rename a requirement.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_tif.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/ActionTestStepDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/StubRequirementDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/de.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/domain/AnnotatedPropertyObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategyTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/internal/thread/TestAutomationTaskExecutorTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/StubObjectIdentityService.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/WrongPasswordException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDeletionDaoIT.should delete custom field and binding.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h6.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/heart_half.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/issues/bugtracker-panel-debug.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_add.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/vector.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/VerifyingTestCaseManagerControllerTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/definition/RemoteVersion.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/def_cat_undefined.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/devil_smile.gif.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionDaoIT.should count requirements verified by list of test cases.xml.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/conf/PropertiesBasedDefaultTestAutomationServerFactoryBean.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.wine.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/RequirementVersionCategoryComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTablePagedFilter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/charts/customReportCumulativeView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/dashboard/test-cases-dashboard-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/DomainGraph.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/AbstractNamedQueryHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/VerificationCriterion.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionModificationServiceDbunitIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/CallStepManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/da.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/IterationTestPlanTableModelHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/spec-runner.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-suite-management/test-plan-panel/table.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/project/GenericProjectController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/obsoletevery_highko.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestStepReader.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/TestCaseLibraryTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pieRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/asterisk_orange.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/lv.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/info-list-manager/InfoListOptionModel.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestStep.java.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/TCLNBeforeDetach.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/arrow_out.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/icons/hidpi/docprops-rtl.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/structure.override.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/applicationContext-tm-osgi.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/projects-manager-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/issues/issue-add-popup.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/bugtrackers/show-bugtrackers.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/LabelFormatter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/importer/ImportRequirementTestCaseLinksSummary.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/report/form/TextInputDefinition.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Illustration_Graph.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/teams-manager/NewTeamDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.logAxisRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryTree.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationServerManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/campaigns/camp-search-result-ordered.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/selection.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/ticket.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/info-list-manager/NewInfoListPanel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-suite-management/ts-management-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionStatusComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/definition/RemoteStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/TestSuiteExecutionRunnerController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.should cascade delete on attachments.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/TestPlanStatisticsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/infolist/InfoListItemManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ActionStepInstruction.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-libraries/show-test-suite.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/it.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drive.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/workspace-page-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonProjectTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move selection containing obsolete.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/charts/chart-render-utils.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customeditors/UserPropertyEditorSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/FormEntryNotConvertibleException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/form.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignTestPlanTableModelHelper.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.13.3.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.7.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablefilter/SoftDeleteAssociationTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/cy.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/project/ProjectModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/CollectionSizeBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/iterations/iteration-test-plan-row.jsp.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/CustomPermissionFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/fo.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Campaign_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/printer.png.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/conf/services/org.squashtest.csp.tm.bugtracker.config.properties.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/bugtracker/mantis/messages_de.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/StandardAnalyzerWithoutStopWords.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-editor/CustomFieldModificationView.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/audit/RequirementAuditTrailServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/HyphenedStringHelperTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/campaign-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/distribution/src/main/izpack/squash-tm-shortcut-spec.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/grid_dot.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_letterspacing.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/MIT-LICENSE.txt.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/filter/Child.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/library/CannotDeleteProjectException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/arrow_left.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/service/TestAutomationConnectorRegistry.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CallStepManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Exec_Failed.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/core/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseCyclicCallChecker.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementModificationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/view/ReportView.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/TeamDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/award_star_gold.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation/testcase-test-automation.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/structure-configurable-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/htmlwriter/outputhtml.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/logo_squash30.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/regular_smile.gif.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/mantis-bugmessages.properties.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibraryNodeVisitor.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionModificationServiceIT.execution.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/milestone/MilestoneMembershipManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squash.cssloader.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_copy.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.tagit.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/charts/customReportLineView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/af.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/search/RequirementSearchParams.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/jstree/JsTreeNode.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_basic_source.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ReportQueryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/desktop.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/editor.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/service/AutomatedTestManagerServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStatusReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-cases-tabs/test-steps-tab.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementImporterIT.setup.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.togglepanels.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/execution/ExecutionStepModificationHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_png.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/doc_resize.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/PersistEntityHandler.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestSuiteDaoIT.should find project id.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step because test plan empty.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugTrackerControllerHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/image_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sort_date.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/ru.js.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/ComplexSelector.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/filter/IE8AcceptHeaderFixerFilterTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseModificationServiceImp2lIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ui_saccordion.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/templates/report-panel.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/context/ReloadableSquashTmMessageSource.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/ExecutionHasNoStepsException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementLargePropertyChange.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/coercers/extenders/RequirementLibraryExtender.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.validate.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_750021_1x400.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/where/Parent.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/DateEntryConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/no.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationDao.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/importer/TestCaseImportLogHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionTestcaseBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedMultiSelectFieldTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseCallTreeFinderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/SimpleEntryConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_ExecServer.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/templates/test-case-executions.frag.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/mini.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/audit/Auditable.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/issues-tab.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/AttributeType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/importer/TestCaseImportControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/infolist/IsBoundInfoListAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldBindingTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateAttachmentDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/find/dialogs/find.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCriticality.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/mini.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/images/Button_Nav_Reporting_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/IterationTestPlanManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/ReportIdentifier.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/eo.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_letter_omega.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/webcam.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/squashtable.options.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/campaigns-dashboard/campaigns-dashboard-main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/ExecutionRunnerControllerHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/bug.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/BugTrackerNameAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/StepActionPropSetter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/tableresize/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/domain/FieldValue.js.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/CLNBeforeDetach.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseImportanceBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/test-plan-panel.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceIT.should not find exec step cause no step.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-libraries/show-test-suite.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseSearchModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/search-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/DenormalizedType.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.should add permissions on object for user.expected.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.navbar.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/hibernate/RequirementReportTypeCriterion.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/ug.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/authz/notAuthorized.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jqplot/jquery.jqplot.min.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-suite-menu/TestSuiteMenu.js.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/repository/TestAutomationSuiteDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/structures/LibraryTree.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/SortOrder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/search-result-display-ordered-by-requirement.jsp.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/CRLNAfterAttach.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_TestCase.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/file-upload/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/CustomRequirementVersionManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/LoginAlreadyExistsException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/paintbrush.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fa.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/images/Button_Nav_Campaign_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/IterationModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree/w-testcase-conf.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/model/TestAutomationProjectContent.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project f+c+i+s + cufs + execs-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customreport/CustomReportListTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonInternationalizableItem.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_xls.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/de.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/thumbs_down.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/LibraryNavigationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/ValidationMessages_en.properties.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/import-requirement-into-requirements.xls.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementImporterIT.import req path.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/tounge_smile.gif.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/core/messages_en.properties.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/workspacewizard/test/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.asp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseImportanceManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/Event.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/thymeleaf/dialect/SquashDialect.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/codesnippet/codesnippet.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/TemplateMismatch.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/tt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/popups/import-links-popup.js.i
data/tools/tools.annotation.processor/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/tools/annotation/processor/DynamicManagerProcessor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_align_justify.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/mantis/MantisExceptionConverter.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.search-by-criteria-setup.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/ProjectResource.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.mobile.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/users/TeamModificationServiceIT.should delete team but no user.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/tasks/FetchTestListTask.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/oauth/access_confirmation.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/file-upload/FileUploadPopup.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/RequirementVersionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCriticality.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/is/is.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/no.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchexport/RequirementExcelExportIT.should create models.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/projectfilter/ProjectFilter.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/dialog_sides.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/PreferenceKey.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CampaignDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/users/UserProjectPermissionsBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/tc-export-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/project/GenericProjectFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/DatatableMapper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/GenericLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/textfield.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.9.10.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/wrong_ext.lol.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.purple.css.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/CollectionUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/denormalizedField/PrivateDenormalizedFieldValueServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/page-components/step-information-panel.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/QueryBuilderIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/icons.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/images/lock-open.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drive_error.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layout_select_footer.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/oauth/AAAGuestServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TreeNodeCopierTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/milestones/show-milestones.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/dialog_sides.gif.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementVersionDaoIT.should delete all requirements versions by requirement id.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/InputTypeModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/tr.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.dataset4.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/ja.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/lnf/Forms.js.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/plugin/PluginValidationException.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/bugtracker/mantis/messages_fr.properties.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/no-validation-config-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/ProgressAwareMultipartResolver.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/workspacewizard/test/TestWorkspaceWizardConfig.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/SingleOrMultipleMilestonesReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/icons/hidpi/sourcedialog.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/execution-progression-view0_campaign_iterations.jrxml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/java/lang/generics/GenericSubclassTest.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/CheckBuildQueue.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/tree-picker-conf/tp-campaign-it-conf.js.i
data/provision/src/main/resources/jettyhome/etc/README.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/project/ProjectFilterModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.should delete OID for a project.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/IterationNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/emoticon_surprised.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/lv.js.i
data/build.bat.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/toto.jsp.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/net/RequestExecutor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/listner/HttpSessionListnerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibraryNodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsTreeNodeListBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jstree.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/en-ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_blank.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/library/LibraryUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/sr.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/BugTrackerManagerException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/jstree-header.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/users/TeamModificationService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TCStatisticsService.sizeStatistics.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-bg_glass_45_6eac2c_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/test/MessageFormatTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/RequirementFacility.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.json2.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/rendering/chart-instance-factory.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/AbstractNodeDeletionHandlerImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/km.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/verified-requirements/TestStepVerifiedRequirementsPanel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/execution-processing/ie8-no-close-on-enter.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/IssueList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/fo.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/jquery.squashtm.linkabletree.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/validation/StubValidatorFactory.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomCustomReportNodeDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/lightning.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/treemenu-todelete/permissions-utils.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/email_open_image.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/BTIssue.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/java/org/plugin/workspacewizard/test/RequirementVersionManagerWizard.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/ProjectForCustomCompare.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/iter-management-main.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_55_f8da4e_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/users/AdministrationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/config/WebMvcConfig.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/embaressed_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/replacebyclass.html.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/projectfilter/ProjectFilter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/infrastructure/validation/NotNullValidatorAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/users/User.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ImportedRequirementTree.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/CheckboxEntryConverter.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/UnknownAclClassException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/jdbc/DerivedPermissionsManagerIt.setup.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/IdsCoercer.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCriticality.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/LookupStrategyConfigIT.should read acl on an object identity for a user.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/jpql/ExtendedJPQLQuery.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/requirement/RequirementVersionCoverageController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/welcome-message-ckeditor-config.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/medal_bronze_1.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_list_numbers.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-0.15.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/req-treemenu.js.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/docxtemplater/DocxTemplaterView.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.should delete OID for a project.expected.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseFinder.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/HttpRequestFactory.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/UserModificationServiceIT.should deassociate user to team result.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/hibernate/RequirementReportTypeCriterion.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/library/FolderModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/project/GenericProject.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomCustomFieldBindingDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/file-upload/add-attachment-popup-plugin.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SofDeleteBackwardCompatibilityIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/UnknownConnectorKindException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/image_2.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/PrivateCustomFieldValueService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/attachment/AttachmentContent.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.workspacewizard.test/src/main/java/org/plugin/workspacewizard/test/RequirementLibraryWizard.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/utils/HTMLCleanupUtils.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementModificationController.java.orig.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bugtracker-context.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/AbstractNamedQueryHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/id.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/search.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/IterationStatisticsServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery.tagit.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/teeth_smile.gif.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/hibernate/PagingUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/IssueDetector.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should return all the requirements in a hierarchy given some ids.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.0-issue-2933-2-requirements.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/ReportsRegistry.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/controller/authentication/LoginFormDiscardingHttpSessionRequestCache.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/testCaseIconsCSSGenerator.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.dataset1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/StepPropSetter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/project/ProjectController.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.tablednd_0_5.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bugtracker-context.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.3.0.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseFolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/UserListItem.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/ca.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-1.2.0-test.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/add-attachment-popup.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomTestCaseModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Thumbs.db.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/CLNBeforeDelete.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/DynamicComponentInvocationHandler.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.green.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/attachment/AttachmentControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/editor.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icone_TestCase2.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirement-libraries/show-requirement.jsp.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/bs.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_view_icons.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/DoNotFilterSoftDeleted.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugtrackerController.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreation.java.i
data/tm/tm0.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-case-workspace.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/execution/ExecutionProcessingServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/users/PasswordChangeForm.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-libraries/show-test-case.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/cs.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/requirement/RequirementFolderMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/StubRequirementDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/iframedialog/plugin.js.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.9.0-more-automated-tests.sql.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/marker.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/LogEntry.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages_fr.properties.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/UnsupportedMethodException.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/Slf4jAuditLogger.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/basic-objects/toggle-panel-view.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/bn.js.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/automatest/AutomatedTestProject.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionExtender.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/de.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/CallTestStepTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DummySuperclass.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/import/import-summary.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/fragments-utils/static-panels.html.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/logstatus.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/input/ok.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/hibernate/HibernateRequirementCoverageByTestsQuery.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/ka.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/DateEntryConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/iterations-dashboard/testcase-status-pie.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/da.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/definition/RemoteCategory.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerEntityDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy tc with datasetParamValues of called step.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/report/ProjectsPickerModel.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/welcome/HomeController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/sk.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/arrow_right.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/af.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/ws/squashtm.navbar.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/thread/TestAutomationTaskExecutorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationProject.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/ExecuteTestsStepSequence.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/js/thymol.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/spring/ArgumentPositionParameterNameDiscoverer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/iteration-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/editor_ie7.css.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.2.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/emoticon_evilgrin.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_xls.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedSingleSelectField.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/TestAutomationJenkinsConnector.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_side_boxes.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/CustomReportListTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomRequirementVersionCoverageDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementPropertyChange.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/SingleValuedCustomFieldValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/control_play.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerBindExceptionResolver.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-iteration-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/coercers/extenders/TestSuiteToIterationExtender.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/jstree-tree_element_menu.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/utils/SkipAllSubTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/statistics-fragment.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/campaign/ScheduledIteration.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/DefaultDatatableMapper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/campaigns-components/campaign-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicdao/CustomDummyDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/def_cat_test-requirement.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/domain/report/common/hibernate/HibernateExecutionProgressQuery.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/zip/ZipReader.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/test-case-main-js.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/LibraryNode.java.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/RLNBeforeDetach.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/excanvas.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-case-statistics/summary.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/requirement-version-editor.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Bugtracker_off.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/wsc/dialogs/wsc.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementFolderModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/LICENSE.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-icons_f3e0ff_256x240.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages.properties.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDeletionDaoIT.should delete custom field and binding.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.8.2.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/jqplot-ext/jqplot.squash.stylableGridRenderer.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find requirements by name token.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseWorkspaceController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should not find exec step cause no item.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/jasperreports/requirement-export.jrxml.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/report/form/InputType.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/coercers/RequirementLibraryIdsCoercerForList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/folder_search.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasAxisTickRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/batchimport/excel/TemplateMismatchException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iesupport/excanvas.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/treemenu-todelete/main.js.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/exception/SimpleException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/InfoListAdministrationController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/TeamModificationServiceIT.should delete team but no user.xml.i
data/database/src/main/script/populateUsers.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/importer/ImportLogHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages_de.properties.d
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/Library.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/themes/default/theme.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ro.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/DatasetValue.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/report/std/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-workspace.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/arrow_down.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/no.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/HierarchyCreatorTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/dto/ReqCoverageByTestStatType.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteTestPlanManagerServiceImplIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/util/StringUtil.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/report/common/hibernate/IsRunningCampaignCriterion.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/conf/services/org.apache.felix.webconsole.internal.servlet.OsgiManager.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/logstatus.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/ZipCorruptedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.aspects/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/validation/constraint/UniqueItems.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/def_cat_use-case.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaign-workspace/show-campaign-dashboard.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/ruler_crop.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.squashbutton.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/testautomation/testcase-script-elt-code.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.bubbleRenderer.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to other project-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/CustomReportFolderMixin.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pyramidRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/AdministrationServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/CustomFieldBindingDaoIT.groovy.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.6.0.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.search-by-criteria-setup.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_linespacing.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/StubEntityDao.java.i
data/src/main/scripts/AddWindowsHgHooks.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/PasswordChangeFailedException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/bugtracker/IssueOwnership.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/configurations/welcome-message-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.meterGaugeRenderer.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move from folder to library.xml.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationServer.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/batchimport/testcase/garbage-file.xlsx.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/campaigns/show-campaign-test-plan-manager.jsp.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/net/HttpClientProviderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/milestone-manager/milestone-manager.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ValidationFacilitySubservicesProvider.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/bn.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/RichTextValue.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/ExcelTestCaseParser.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/infolist/DenormalizedUserListItem.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/indicator.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/oer-library/oer-manager.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/infolist/InfoListManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/attachment/AttachmentController.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.1-orphan-entities.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/importer/Target.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/PasswordResetForm.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/requirement/RequirementMappingIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.should find folders by name token.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/milestone/MilestoneBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationStatisticsService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/utils/archive/impl/ZipReaderTest.groovy.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.3.0.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CustomRequirementVersionManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/MIT-LICENSE.txt.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pointLabels.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/ChartQuery.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/cache/CachingAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirements/versions-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/colordialog/dialogs/colordialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/infolist/InfoListBindingManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.6.0-2.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestCaseImportanceManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseCUFBridge.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateBugTrackerBindingDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableMapperCollectionSortingAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementVersionManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/en.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/core/ProjectNotFoundException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/CampaignModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/specs/info-list-manager/InfoListModelSpec.js.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/dynamicmanager/internal/handler/CompositeInvocationHandler.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/dataset2.xls.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionParentBridgeIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree-conf/w-testcase-conf.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomFieldDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/resource/Resource.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestSuiteFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/user_business_boss.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectFilterDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/angry_smile.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/filter/Parent.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testautomation/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jquery/jquery-1.8.2.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseFolderDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/CannotDeleteProjectException.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/spring/view/jasperreports/content-disposition-mappings.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/customfield/CustomCustomFieldManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-plan-panel/table.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/smiley_fat.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/ExecutionsTableModelBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jquery/jquery-1.8.3.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/NodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/MultiSelectField.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/jquery.squashtm.datatables.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_align_center.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/security/AclPermissionEvaluationServiceTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.jetty.start.osgi/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/jetty/start/osgi/Activator.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/AutomatedTestTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/lnf/SquashDatatablesLnF.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseLibraryModificationController.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/internal/mantis/MantisConverter.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.projectfilter.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/parameters/ParametersModelHelper.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/datatables.purple.css.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/FormInput.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/EmptyTestSuiteTestPlanException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/importer/ImportFormatFailure.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/cy.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/GenericProjectDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementPropertyChangeEventBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/META-INF/spring/repository-context.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/GenericProjectDaoIT.taprojects.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/TeamModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/execution-status-combo.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/money_pound.png.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testautomation/TestAutomationProject.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TreeEventHandler.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomRequirementVersionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/CustomRequirementModificationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.7.1.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/tree/TreeEntity.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/dialogs/textfield.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/security/annotation/AclConstrainedObject.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementCategoryComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementModificationEventPublisherAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/trophy_silver.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.categoryAxisRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableDrawParameters.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/layout_select.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/common-import-outer-frame-layout.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/plugins/plugin-factory.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementCategory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/popups/add-folder-popup.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.6.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/envelope_2.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/attachmentsWhite16x16.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryNodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/chart/ColumnPrototype.java.orig.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/dialog_sides.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/popups/export-chart-popup.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/report/std/messages_fr.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tlds/json.tld.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/ProjectUtils.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_TestCase_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStatusReport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/iterations-components/iteration-test-plan-panel.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/milestone-messages.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/_translationstatus.txt.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseLibraryDao.java.i
data/core/core.api/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/campaign/CampaignProgressionStatisticsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/audit/RequirementAuditTrailServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/pt.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_php4.php.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/weather_sun.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/checked_box.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/execution/ExecutionModificationServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_lightning.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/validation/ValidatorFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/RequirementNodeWalker.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/milestone/CustomMilestoneBindingServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDenormalizedInfoListItemDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/master.purple.css.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/domain/IdentifiersOrderComparator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/AdministrationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/export/TestCaseImportLogHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/requirement-workspace/req-tree-popups.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/es.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/helper/JsonMarshallerException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/scripts/squash/squashtm.notification.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/RequirementSearchResultTable.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/milestone/CustomMilestoneBindingServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/control_wheel.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/spellcheck.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/DenormalizedFieldHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.9.1.custom.purple.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/decorate-ajax-search-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/structure.override.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseWeight.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/RequirementCreationEventPublisherAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/FolderSupport.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/users/user-permission-table.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/conf/PropertiesBasedDefaultAutomatedTestServerFactoryBean.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/datasource-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/interceptor/openedentity/RequirementViewInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/testautomation/configuration/DefaultTestAutomationServerFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/PseudoTestCase.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignTestPlanManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/remoteapi/execution/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone-min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/et.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDaoIT.groovy.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.10.5.xml.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/resources/mantisconnect-1.2.9.wsdl.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/index-manager.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/sl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementVersionResolverController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/confused_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/DomainException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/drive_burn.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/fileuploadutils/UploadProgress.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/compass.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/jquery.jqplot.min.css.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.7.0.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/test/unitils/dbunit/datasetloadstrategy/DeleteInsertLoadStrategy.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/add-attachment-popup.frag.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDeletionDaoIt.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_bold.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomRequirementModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customreport/CustomReportLibraryNodeServiceIT.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/popup/button.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/api/repository/NamedParamsListExecution.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/domain/Permission.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sport_soccer.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_horizontalrule.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/CyclicStepCallException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/attachment/AttachmentController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestCaseFolderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/readonly.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/event/CreateCustomFieldBindingEvent.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/project/GenericProjectManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/SessionOverrideEntityManagerFactoryProxy.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/RequirementBoundEditionStatusStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/infolist/DenormalizedInfoListItemManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateEntityDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseSearchRangeFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/delete.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/emoticon_surprised.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.bugtracker/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/osgi/BTConnectorPluginRegistrationListenerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.highlighter.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.2.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/InternationalizableLabelFormatter.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CustomFieldBindingDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/logo_squash30.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/root.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/_languages.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldBindingTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/NotDeletablePreviewReport.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/core/api/report/ReportType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/SearchInputPossibleValueModel.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_handle-ajax-errors.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/charts/filterStepView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/page_white_delete.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/package-info.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/ExportTestCaseData.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/lt.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/spring/CompositeDelegatingParameterNameDiscovererTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should try to resume and find execution step through new execution.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseNature.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomIterationModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/bg.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/dialog_sides.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/gridster.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/report-type-image.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/CampaignDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/neutral.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squash.messagedialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/steps/TestStepUpdateFormModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/plug.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/FormEntryNotConvertibleException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/application_cascade.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/ServerConnectionFailed.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/project/GenericToAdministrableProject.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectsPermissionManagementServiceImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/EnabledAclSpecConfig.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/widget/DataTablesController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/customfield/CustomFieldValueConfigurationBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomAttachmentDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/NewProjectDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/ZipCorruptedException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Bugtracker.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/GetBuildIDTest.groovy.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-0.20.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_h3.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/ParameterAssignationMode.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/SqLIdResultTransformer.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/wink_smile.png.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/domain/TestAutomationServer.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/IssueAlreadyBoundException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseAdvancedSearchServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/Ids.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/LibraryUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/TestCaseNodeDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementImporterIT.setup.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/tableresize/tableresize.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/administration/IndexAdministrationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/drive_rename.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignDaoIT.should find campaign statistics.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/AutomatedExecutionViewUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_indent_remove.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/VerifiedRequirementException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonProjectFromTemplate.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/WrongStringSizeException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/hibernate/mapping/customfield/CustomFieldBindingMappingIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/TestCaseLibraryMergerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/da.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/ieo-fragment-step-information.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/searchinterface/SearchInputFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-plan-panel/filtermode.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/requirement-version-audit-trail.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCampaignLibraryNodeDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/exclamation_octagon_fram.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Folder.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/heart_break.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/projectfilter/ProjectFilterController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/myshadow.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/generic/LibraryNavigationController.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/TestByProjectSorter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/chart_organisation.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/FolderSupport.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/users/user-account.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tc-workspace/permissions-rules.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/tr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/icons/hidpi/codesnippet.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/scayt/README.md.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/shades_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/ProjectTemplateDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/RequirementModificationServiceIT.should fail to rename a requirement because duplicated name.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/forms/images/hiddenfield.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/bugtracker/IssueOwnershipFinderUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignLibraryModificationController.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/lang/ArrayUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jstree/linkables-tree.tag.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/add.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/RequirementVersionNotLinkableException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find requirement versions directly verified by a test case sorted by name.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/tr.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablefilter/Parent.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/VerifiedRequirementsManagerService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Reporting_off.png.i
data/pom.xml.rej.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementLargePropertyChange.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/interceptor/ObjectViewsInterceptor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/jquery/TestPlanAssignableUser.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirement-workspace/requirement-workspace.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestoneUIConfigurationService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_div.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/app/squash.backbone.validation.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.tableDnD.ext.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/docxWebWorker.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/CheckboxEntryConverter.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.oneshotdialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/campaign-workspace/camp-tree-menu.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/ru.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/tree-picker-conf/conf-factory.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-workspace-todelete/x-tree-menu.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/campaign/CampaignTestCaseStatusStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/denormalizedfield/DenormalizedMultiSelectField.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/execution/ExecutionHasNoRunnableStepException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/TestSuiteTestPlanManager.should add one test plan item to two test suites.xml.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/JobList.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementHierarchyCreator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStatusTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/execution/ExecutionModificationServiceIT.updateStep.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_ajax-notifications.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/library/show-libraries-details.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/generics/camp-search-result.jsp.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/Thumbs.db.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/HttpBasedStep.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/resources/i18n/messages_fr.properties.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ExecutionFinder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryFinderService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/users/User.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/BugTrackerAutoconnectCallback.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/fakeobjects/images/spacer.gif.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/controller/authentication/LoginLogoutController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/emoticon_happy.png.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/PersistEntityHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/IdentifiedReportDecoratorTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/UnknownAclClassException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find distinct ids of test cases called by several test cases.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.clickmenu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/import-req-tc-links-excel-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/BindableEntityMismatchException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ja.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateItemTestPlanDao.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/Event.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/MimeType.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/structure.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/money_yen.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/utils.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/af.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/client/ClientIDCannotBeEmptyException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/execution-preview-page.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_tile_vertical.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.should disassociate a test case from test plans and execution.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/images/dialog_sides.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.pyramidGridRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/AuditableBridgeModifiedOn.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/EmptyTestPlanException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/ar.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/report-issue-popup/default-view-template.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/image2/lang/en-gb.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/issues/bugtracker-nav-button.jsp.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find test cases by requirement name token.xml.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/StandardReportCategory.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/AdvancedSearchIndexMonitoringForRequirementVersions.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/services/JasperReportsServiceException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/dialog.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/NextLayersTreeNodeMover.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/security/UserAuthenticationService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste campaigns with testSuites.xml.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/bnd.bnd.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreation.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_inset-hard_100_fcfdfd_1x100.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.categoryAxisRenderer.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_side_tree.png.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/src/main/resources/mantisconnect-1.2.4.wsdl.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move from folder to library-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/campaign/CampaignTestInventoryStatistics.java.i
data/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/RLNAfterInsert.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/pt.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SoftDeleteFilterEnablerAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/searchinterface/CampaignSearchInterfaceDescription.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/AdministrationServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/link_break.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/test-cases-components/test-case-description.tag.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/library/CannotMoveInHimselfException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/oauth/AuthProxy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/ku.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/RequirementModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/RequirementDeletionHandlerImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/repository/TestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/issues/bugtracker-panel.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/en.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.report.std/src/main/resources/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/report/std/messages_de.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignLibraryNodeVisitor.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignTestPlanManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/LinkedRequirementsManagerController.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/equinox/configuration/config.ini.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/templates/default.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/repository/jdbc/SquahtestDatabaseAuthenticationDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/datejs/date.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseAttachmentBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-plan-panel/main.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/no-validation-hibernate.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/zones.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/utils/UriUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/service/AutomatedExecutionManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/audit/AuditableMixin.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/RemoteIssueDecorator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/structures/NodeData.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testcase/TestCaseStatisticsServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/resources/mantisconnect-1.2.4.wsdl.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/campaign-test-plan-manager-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/requirement-coverage-stat-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/cs.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/BadConfiguration.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/execute.png.i
data/distribution/src/main/assembly/binary-distro.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TestAutomationRemover.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/vs.css.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/CallTestStepMappingIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationStatisticsServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/security/AffirmativeBasedCompositePermissionEvaluator.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/broken_heart.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/test-case-search-input.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/net/HttpClientProvider.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementLibraryDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_columns.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/StepSequence.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/docxgen/FileSaver.min.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/iterations-dashboard/main-view.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/momentjs/moment-with-locales.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_code.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/collection/PagedCollectionHolder.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/DomainException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/SimpleJEditable.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectModificationService.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseLibraryDaoIT.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_gif.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/PseudoRequirement.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/resources/equinox/bin/startup.sh.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/Existence.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_link.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_address.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/test-case-workspace/edit-test-case-from-exec.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/UserGroupMixin.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/users/show-users.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementTestCaseLinksImporter.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/library/AdvancedSearchServiceIT.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery-ui-1.8.13.all.dev.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/test-plan-panel/popups.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/handler/HandlerExceptionLogger.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/HierarchyCreator.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/SecuritySpecConfig.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/QuerydslToolbox.java.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/form/DateInput.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/he.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/reportcriteria/requirement-coverage-criteria.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/decorate-toggle-panels.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/paper_bag.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/show-projects/NewProjectFromTemplateDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/text_heading_1.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/CoverageTarget.java.i
data/distribution/src/main/liquibase/distribution.changelog-upgrade-to-0.23.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/InputType.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/deletion/LockedFolderInferenceTreeTest.groovy.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/switch.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/CustomFieldBindingModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/mono-blue.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/req-workspace/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/test-cases-executions.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/FieldValidationErrorModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementCriticalityComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/et.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/CriteriaBase.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/user-modification.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/report/criteria/MultiOptionsCriteria.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/CustomFieldBindingDaoImplIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-case-workspace.html.i
data/provision/src/main/config/services/org.squashtest.csp.tm.bugtracker.config.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/requirement/RequirementVersionManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/security/SpringSecurityUserContextService.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/milestone/MilestoneHolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/bugtracker/RemoteIssueDecorator.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/importer/RequirementMergerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/TestAutomationConnector.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/UnitilsConfig.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/FacilityImplIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/zh.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/sport_tennis.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/RequirementDeletionHandlerImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.blockRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/arrow_down.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/jquery/jquery-header.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/CannotDeleteDefaultOptionException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/authz/authorized.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/ExcelRowReaderUtils.java.i
data/core/core.foundation/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/core/foundation/collection/DefaultColumnFiltering.java.i
data/core/core.report.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/report/form/TreePicker.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/UnauthorizedPasswordChange.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestCaseImportanceJeditableComboDataBuilder.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Item.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/CUFBridge.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/basic-objects/model.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/dialogs/codesnippet.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/iterations-components/iteration-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementCoverageStatIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_aling_bottom.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/viewmapper/AdvancedDataTableMapper.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/ContainerIdNameStartParameterCallback.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/BugTrackerAutoconnectCallback.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ParameterInstruction.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/customfield/PrivateCustomFieldValueServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/security/acls/Slf4jAuditLogger.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/customeditors/ProjectPropertyEditorSupport.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementDeletionDaoIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/advancedsearch/I18NFieldComparatorSource.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/popup/popup.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestStepDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/AutomatedExecutionViewUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/templates/dialogs/templates.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/widgets/widget-registry.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/hql/SingleOwned.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionBridgeIT.dataset.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.7.1.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/office2003/templates.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/annotation/WebComponent.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/bugtracker/BugTrackerModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/report/ReportViewServletContextInitializer.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Icon_Tree_Iteration.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/statistics/testcase/TestCaseImportanceStatistics.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree/w-requirement-conf.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/SearchMultiCascadeFlatWidget.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/no.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.funnelRenderer.min.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/logging/Log4jLoggerLevelModifier.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/test-plan-table/exec-runner.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/icons_hidpi.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_put.png.i
data/osgi-integration-tests/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/IterationModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/page/users/user-info.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/test-suite-managment.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sport_golf.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/test-automation/TestAutomationProjectManager.js.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.12.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectModificationDynamicServiceTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDatasetDaoIT.should remove dataset-result.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/id.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/DetailedChartDefinition.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/v2/images/sprites_ie6.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/ProjectTargetStatus.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/StubRequirementDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/def_cat_noicon.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/report-viewer.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationControllerTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/EmptyTestSuiteTestPlanException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/def_cat_performance.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/info-list/info-list-modification-information-view.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ProjectDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.tree-page-resizer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/plugins/sourcedialog/sourcedialog.html.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestCaseLibraryNavigationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/AdvancedSearchServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/IssueDao.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/jquery.squashtm.datatables.v2.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/META-INF/spring/tm-ta-osgi-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/requirement-search-result.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/annotation/ListIdsCoercerAdapter.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/CallTestStepTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/tabbed-pane.green.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/el.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_php4.php.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/config/SecuritySpecConfigDeprec.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/common-head.tag.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/META-INF/spring/bundle-context.xml.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/spi/exceptions/TestAutomationException.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-0.20.0.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/uk.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/under_reviewmediumok.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/emoticon_happy.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/popup.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/EntityDaoIT.should find a list of entity.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.canvasTextRenderer.min.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/ProjectDeletionHandlerTest.should delete project and libraries.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/Sequencer.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/execution/ExecutionStatus.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/net/HttpClientProvider.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.iterationPlusExecutionsStatus.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/TestSuiteExecutionController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/AutomatedRunTransactionHandler.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/attachment-bloc.frag.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/CopyPasteObsoleteException.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/af.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementStatusTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-cases-dashboard/importance-pie.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/km.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/openXML/jszip-utils.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/ObjectIdentityService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateDaoTest.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/ProjectModificationServiceIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/tree/TreeLibrary.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/event/ColumnPrototypeEvent.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/milestone/ActiveMilestoneHolderImpl.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/omg_smile.gif.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/dtd/squash-tm.0.20.0.dtd.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementCreationEventPublisherAspect.aj.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.dialog-patch.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksteps/CheckBuildQueueTest.groovy.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.data-1.4.1.sql.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/door_in.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/circle-d4.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/PasteStrategy.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/users-manager/user-list.js.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/model/TestAutomationProjectContent.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/squashtm/automatest/spi/exceptions/TestAutomationException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/TestSuiteHelperTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/datepicker/jquery.squash.datepicker-locales.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/QueryPlan.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementVersionImportMemento.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateClientDaoIT.should remove clients.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shield.png.i
data/tm/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/customField/MandatoryCufException.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/GenericProjectDaoIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/infrastructure/hibernate/BlobUserType.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/chart/engine/ScopePlanner.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/testautomation/spi/TestAutomationException.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/UserContextHolder.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateRequirementLibraryDaoIT.xml.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/search/IndexMonitor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/test-cases-tabs/parameters-tab.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/TestCaseDaoImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/DeletableNodeData.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/TableCollapser.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/custom-field-manager.html.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/customfield/MandatoryCufException.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/CampaignTestPlanItemDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/backbone/backbone.wreqr.js.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/bugtracker/advanceddomain/FieldValue.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/de.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/mantis-bugmessages.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.mobile.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/kiss.gif.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/campaign/CampaignFolder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationFinderService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/ProjectFilterModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/test-cases/test-cases-milestone-dashboard.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/milestone-manager/milestone-info.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/sourcedialog/lang/fr-ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/bugtracker/bugtracker-panel-empty.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/iteration-management/events/ctxt-evt-handler.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor.php.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/utils/FileUploadRequestListener.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-binding/panel.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_go.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/text_padding_bottom.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.general.dbsetup.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/audit/Auditable.java.i
data/tools/tools-resources/src/main/resources/eclipse/formatter/squash-formatter.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/jointablefilter/ParentChild.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/controller/authentication/LoginFormDiscardingHttpSessionRequestCache.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/CallStepManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTablePaging.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/x-workspace-todelete/x-rename-node-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/requirements-components/verifying-test-cases-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CustomFieldBindingModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/sqldelete/AutomaticSoftDeleteSpecification.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/reqtc/RequirementTestCaseController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/images/ui-icons_01ff73_256x240.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/SearchInputInterfaceModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/fr.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/bugtracker/BugTrackerLocalServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/authz/authorized.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.jeditable.mini.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/SearchInputPanelModel.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/UserAuthenticationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/library/NotDeletableException.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/RequirementLibraryTreeNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/control_play.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/de.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/SetNodeContentParameter.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/fond_nav_rotate.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/resources/softdelete/softdelete-hibernate.cfg.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/TestCaseStatisticsBundle.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/testautomation/testcase-script-elt-code.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/SchedulerConfig.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/META-INF/spring/bundle-context-osgi.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/TestCaseFolderIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/ckeditor/welcome-message-ckeditor-config.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/decorate-iteration-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/taglib/PathUtils.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/squashtm/testautomation/domain/AutomatedTestServerMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/config/src/main/resources/services/tm.report.config.properties.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateProjectDeletionDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/application_home.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/def_cat_ergonomic.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/TestStepsTableModelBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/RequirementAuditEventDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/executions/execute-execution.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/project/ProjectPermission.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/domain/TestAutomationTest.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/test/hibernate/softdelete/where/Child.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/fr.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/config/application-dev.properties.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/internal/tasks/TestAutomationConnectorTask.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/weather_clouds.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseSearchFieldModel.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/no.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/test-suite-managment.tag.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/CustomCustomFieldValueDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/rendering/chart-templates.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/structure-configurable-panel.tag.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/smiley/images/cry_smile.gif.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/SquashSessionFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/planning.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/requirements/versions-manager.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/aspect/org/squashtest/tm/domain/audit/AuditableMixinAspect.aj.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sort_number.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/batchimport.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/layout/_workspace-button.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/TestSuiteExecutionProcessingServiceImplIT.should try to resume and not find execution step because all execution have no step.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/en.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lib/highlight/styles/obsidian.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/male.png.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/FinalEmptyStep.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Task.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/deletion/NodeDeletionHandlerTest.iterationPlusExecutions.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/LevelImplementorSorter.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should copy paste iterations to campaign.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Search_Attributes.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_flash.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/bg.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/appendto.html.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasks/DelayedBuildProcessor.java.i
data/core/pom.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/widget/DataTablesController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/parameters/TestCaseParametersController.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_mp3.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/it.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/campaign/IterationTestPlanManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/jsp/index.jsp.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/popup.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project and remove issues.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/attachments/attachment-bloc.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDaoIT.should find test cases by requirement reference and name token.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/thread/TestAutomationTaskExecutor.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/attachment/AttachmentList.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/oauth/AAAUserAuthenticationToken.java.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestAutomationManagementService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/fr.js.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/bnd.bnd.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceIT.add exec to itp.xml.i
data/tm/tm.testautomation.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/TestAutomationServerDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/file-upload/file-upload-main.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/AbstractDynamicComponentFactoryBean.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/exception/NoVerifiableRequirementVersionException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/film.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/buildings.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/config/MessagesProperties.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/charts/wizard/filterStep.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/campaign/CampaignWorkspaceController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/importer/RequirementTestCaseLinkParserImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/JsonCustomReportChartBindingBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/TestAutomationProjectManagerService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/internal/servlet/DelegatingServletContextListenerMulticasterTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/NativeQueries.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_e67900_1x400.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDeletionDao.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-upgrade-to-1.14.0.xml.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/spi/BugTrackerConnectorProvider.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/squashtm/testautomation/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestAutomationDao.sandbox.xml.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/SearchServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/fileupload/UploadContentFilterUtil.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/pl.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/div/dialogs/div.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Raccourcis_Final_State-26.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/project/CustomProjectModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/config/ResourceResolverProperties.java.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/internal/net/RequestExecutor.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/structure.subpageoverride.css.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/dialog_sides_rtl.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/page/users/users-list.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/projectfilter/ProjectFilterController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_MsgLogin.png.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/LookupStrategyConfigIT.should read no acl for deactivated user.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/fond_nav_rotate.gif.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/automatest/AutomatedTestServerMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/project/CustomProjectTemplateManagerService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/ckeditor_basic.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/helper/JsonHelper.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moono/icons.png.i
data/database/src/test/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-migration-0.17.0-test.xml.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.13.0.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Reporting_on.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/placeholder/lang/sq.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/util/InfoListItemList.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateCustomFieldDaoIT.should return list of cuf ordered by name.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/sort_price.png.i
data/osgi-integration-tests/pom.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/scayt/dialogs/toolbar.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/ca.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/campaign-search-result.js.i
data/database/src/main/script/populateAcls.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/samples/index.html.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/search/advanced/searchinterface/RequirementVersionSearchInterfaceDescription.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/ParamAssignationModeSetter.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/tableresize/plugin.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/requirements-components/requirement-version-audit-trail.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/user.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/tm/tm.changelog-1.9.0.xml.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/jstree/style.css.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/project/ProjectModificationController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/lang/ca.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/CampaignLibraryNavigationServiceIT.should move to another project f+c+i+s + cufs + execs.xml.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/stub/security/StubPermissionEvaluationService.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicdao/DummyDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/world.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customfield/SingleSelectField.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Requirement_on.png.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/upgrade/upgrade.changelog-up-to-1.8.2.xml.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/datatable/DataTableMapperPagingAndSortingAdapter.java.i
data/core/core.dynamicmanager/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicDaoFactoryBeanTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/customfield/DenormalizedFieldValuesController.java.i
data/database/src/main/liquibase/sample/sample-db-data-0.23.0.sql.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/TemplateWorksheetTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/UsesTheSpringJpaDsl.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/it/basespecs/BridgeSpecification.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/RequirementImportCustomDbunitServiceSpecification.groovy.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/CampaignModificationServiceIT.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_p.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/internal/test/StubEntityDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionManagerServiceImplTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/search/execution-treemenu.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/tree/workspace-tree-conf/common-conf.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/library/LibraryNodeUtils.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testautomation/spi/TestAutomationConnector.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/showblocks/images/block_pre.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/widget/lang/zh-cn.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/testcase/TestStepMappingIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/execution-execute-buttons.tag.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/jdbc/JdbcManageableAclServiceIT.groovy.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/plugin/testautomation/jenkins/beans/Suite.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/aggregates/test-suite-test-plan-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/resources/jasperreports_extension.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/telephone.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/infrastructure/report/JasperReportsDocxView.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/infolist/InfoListManagerServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/smiley_cool.png.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/TestAutomationFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/a11yhelp/dialogs/lang/ro.js.i
data/tm/tm.automatedtesting.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/execution/dto/ExecutionStatus.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/executions/execution-information-fragment.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/tree/GenericTreeLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/requirement/RequirementLibraryNodeVisitor.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/CustomDummyManager.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementVersionModification.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/page_white_tux.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/JsonTestCase.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/testcase/CustomTestCaseModificationService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/moonocolor/dialog_ie7.css.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.mantis/pom.xml.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_bmp.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/web/utils/HTMLCleanupUtilsTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-field-binding/cuf-binding-styles.css.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.dateformat.js.i
data/core/core.jetty.boot.felix42.fragment/src/main/java/org/eclipse/jetty/osgi/boot/utils/FileLocatorHelperImpl.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/testautomation/ScopedParametersBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/milestone/MilestoneBindingController.java.rej.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/hibernate/mapping/customfield/CustomFieldMappingIT.groovy.i
data/core/core.bugtracker.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/bugtracker/service/BugTrackerService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/about/dialogs/about.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/arrow_refresh.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/messages/tm/messages.properties.d
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/doc_excel_table.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/link/images/anchor.gif.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/specialchar/dialogs/lang/tt.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/treepopups/export-dialog.tag.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/testcase/TestCaseLibraryNodeVisitor.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/tags/component/decorate-buttons.tag.i
data/plugins/plugin.testautomation.jenkins/src/main/java/squashtm/testautomation/jenkins/internal/tasksimpl/TestListStepSequence.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/jquery/jquery.form.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/ProjectDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/shape_flip_horizontal.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/custom-report-workspace/views/libraryView.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/bootstrap-lite.css.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/images/attachments16x16.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/api/testautomation/SquashTaExecutionIdentifierBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/teams-manager/DeleteTeamDialog.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/smiley_fat.png.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/plugin/api/report/StandardReportType.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/json/UserMixin.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/projects-manager/show-projects/NewTemplateDialogModel.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/library/NodeReference.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/briefcase.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/workspace/workspace.event-bus.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/campaign/IterationModificationServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/codesnippet/lang/it.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/WEB-INF/tags/component/decorate-ajax-table.tag.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/users-administration/main.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/jsp/fragment/project/project-permission-popup.jsp.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/model/builder/DriveNodeBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/dashboard/test-cases-dashboard/MasterView.js.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/CustomReportChartBinding.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/lib/jqplot/plugins/jqplot.barRenderer.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtable/squashtable.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/templates/contextual-report.frag.html.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/customreport/tree/CustomReportLibraryNode.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/hibernate/DelegatingEntityManagerFactory.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/arrow_join.png.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/requirement/coercers/RequirementLibraryIdsCoercerForArray.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/Button_Nav_Reports_off.png.i
data/tm/tm.domain/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/customfield/CustomFieldBindingTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/clipboard_paste_image.png.i
data/core/core.api/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/api/widget/NodeSelectionBuilder.java.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/security/acls/domain/AnnotatedPropertyObjectIdentityRetrievalStrategy.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squash/squashtm.navbar.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/domain/softdelete/SoftDeletableSupport.java.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/security/SpringSecurityUserContextService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/tc_icons/work_in_progresslowok.png.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/squashtest/classes/StatusFactory.js.i
data/tm/database.h2.fragment/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/h2/triggers/TCLNAfterAttach.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/batchimport/excel/MaxNumberOfLinesExceededException.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/paintbrush.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/exceptionresolver/HandlerBindExceptionResolver.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/service/IterationModificationServiceImpl.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/model/builder/RequirementLibraryTreeNodeBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/advanced-config-page.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/emoticon_tongue.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/_languages.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/camp-workspace/camp-workspace-search.js.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/internal/security/security/AdministratorAuthenticationServiceImpl.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/lang/ko.js.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/org/squashtest/tm/service/user/UserModificationServiceIT.should find sorted associated teams.xml.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/execution/TestCaseExecutionController.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/requirement/RequirementVersionManagerServiceIT.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/docprops/lang/fi.js.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/repository/RequirementSyncExtenderDao.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/testcase/requirement/VerifiedRequirementsManagerController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/campaign-management/test-plan-panel/sortmode.js.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/fond_nav.gif.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/skins/kama/images/sprites.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/vcard.png.i
data/core/org.squashtest.csp.core.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/jquery-ui-1.8.7.custom.purple.css.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/library/GenericNodeManagementService.java.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/testautomation/AutomatedExecutionManagerService.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/service/users/CustomTeamFinderService.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/styles/jquery/ui/images/ui-bg_glass_45_0078ae_1x400.png.i
data/core/core.jasperreport.fragment/src/main/resources/jasperreports.properties.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/web/internal/controller/localization/LocalizationServiceController.java.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/mathjax/lang/gl.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/app.build.js.i
data/tm/org.squashtest.csp.tm.web/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/web/internal/controller/attachment/AttachmentController.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/tm/domain/event/RequirementPropertyChangeEventBuilder.java.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/tm/service/internal/batchimport/testcase/excel/DatasetInstructionBuilderTest.groovy.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/images/file_rtf.png.i
data/core/core.service/src/test/groovy/org/squashtest/csp/core/infrastructure/dynamicmanager/DynamicDaoFactoryBeanTest.groovy.i
data/tm/tm.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/tm/internal/repository/hibernate/HibernateTestCaseDao.java.i
data/integration-tests/src/it/resources/import/requirements/requirement_test_category.xls.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/bugtracker/bugtracker-panel.js.i
data/core/core.service/src/main/java/org/squashtest/csp/core/service/configuration/ConfigurationService.java.i
data/core/core.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/uicolor/dialogs/uicolor.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/scripts/ckeditor/plugins/devtools/lang/de.js.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/info-list/palette.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/accept.png.i
data/tm/tm.web/src/main/webapp/images/icon-lib/tag_blue.png.i
